Medicine_Name,Type_of_Sell,Manufacturer,Salt,MRP,Disease,USES,Alternate_Medicines,SideEffects,How_to_Use,Therapeutic_Class,How_It_Works
Augmentin 625 Duo Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Amoxycillin  (500mg) +  Clavulanic Acid (125mg),",201.71,bacterial infections,"Bacterial infections,","Moxikind-CV 625 Tablet,Moxiforce-CV 625 Tablet,Mega-CV 625 Tablet,Fightox 625 Tablet,Duet 625 Tablet,","Vomiting,Nausea,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Augmentin 625 Duo Tablet is to be taken with food.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Augmentin 625 Duo Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Amoxycillin  and  Clavulanic Acid. Amoxycillin  is an antibiotic. It works by preventing the formation of the bacterial protective covering which is essential for the survival of bacteria.  Clavulanic Acid is a beta-lactamase inhibitor which reduces resistance and enhances the activity of Amoxycillin  against bacteria.
Azithral 500 Tablet,5 tablets in 1 strip,Alembic Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Azithromycin (500mg),",119.5,bacterial infections,"Bacterial infections,","Ibithral 500mg Tablet,Azibest 500mg Tablet,Zeethrom 500 Tablet,Trulimax 500mg Tablet,Zady 500 Tablet,","Vomiting,Nausea,Abdominal pain,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Azithral 500 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Azithral 500 Tablet is an antibiotic. It works by preventing synthesis of essential proteins required by bacteria to carry out vital functions. Thus, it stops the bacteria from growing, and prevents the infection from spreading."
Ascoril LS Syrup,100 ml in 1 bottle,Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Ambroxol (30mg/5ml) + Levosalbutamol (1mg/5ml) + Guaifenesin (50mg/5ml),",108.0,cough with mucus,"Cough with mucus,","Solvin LS Syrup,Ambrodil-LX Syrup,Zerotuss XP Syrup,Capex LS Syrup,Asthalin AX Syrup,","Nausea,Vomiting,Diarrhea,Upset stomach,Stomach pain,Allergic reaction,Dizziness,Headache,Rash,Hives,Tremors,Palpitations,Muscle cramp,Increased heart rate,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Ascoril LS Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Ascoril LS Syrup is a combination of three medicines: Ambroxol, Levosalbutamol and Guaifenesin, which relieves cough with mucus. Ambroxol is a mucolytic which thins and loosens mucus (phlegm), making it easier to cough out. Levosalbutamol is a bronchodilator. It works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens airways. Guaifenesin is an expectorant which decreases the stickiness of mucus (phlegm) and helps in its removal from the airways. Together, they make breathing easier."
Allegra 120mg Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sanofi India  Ltd,"Fexofenadine (120mg),",198.93,"sneezing and runny nose due to allergies, allergic conditions","Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies, Allergic conditions,","Lcfex Tablet,Intrafen 120mg Tablet,Nexofex 120mg Tablet,Histafree 120 Tablet,Fexise 120mg Tablet,","Headache,Drowsiness,Dizziness,Nausea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Allegra 120mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Allegra 120mg Tablet belongs to a class of medicines called antihistamines. It blocks the release of a chemical called histamine, which is responsible for causing inflammation and its associated symptoms such as itching, redness, swelling, and irritation."
Avil 25 Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Sanofi India  Ltd,"Pheniramine (25mg),",9.97,allergic conditions,"Allergic conditions,","Eralet 25mg Tablet,Apvil 25mg Tablet,","Sleepiness,Dryness in mouth,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Avil 25 Tablet is to be taken with food.",RESPIRATORY,"Avil 25 Tablet is an antiallergic medication. It works by blocking the action of a chemical messenger (histamine). This relieves symptoms of severe allergic reactions due to insect bite/sting, certain medicines, hives (rashes, swelling, etc)."
Aciloc 150 Tablet,30 tablets in 1 strip,Cadila Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Ranitidine (150mg),",36.96,"gastroesophageal reflux disease (acid reflux),peptic ulcer disease","Gastroesophageal reflux disease (Acid reflux),Peptic ulcer disease,","Ranitas 150mg Tablet,Zynol 150mg Tablet,Ranitin 150 Tablet,Ranizem 150mg Tablet,Histac 150 Tablet,","Sleepiness,Headache,Tiredness,Constipation,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Aciloc 150 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,No Information gleaned regarding its functioning
Atarax 25mg Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd,"Hydroxyzine (25mg),",77.75,"anxiety, skin conditions with inflammation & itching","Anxiety, Skin conditions with inflammation & itching,","Hydin 25mg Tablet,Hizet 25mg Tablet,Hyzox 25 Tablet,Hydil 25mg Tablet,Zyzine 25mg Tablet,","Sedation,Nausea,Vomiting,Upset stomach,Constipation,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Atarax 25mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Atarax 25mg Tablet is an antihistaminic medication. In allergy, it works by blocking the action of a chemical messenger (histamine). This relieves allergy symptoms such as itching, swelling, and rashes. In short-term anxiety, it works by decreasing the activity in brain, thereby helping you feel relaxed/sleepy."
Amoxyclav 625 Tablet,strip of 6 tablets,Abbott,"Amoxycillin  (500mg) +  Clavulanic Acid (125mg),",113.25,bacterial infections,"Bacterial infections,","Moxikind-CV 625 Tablet,Moxiforce-CV 625 Tablet,Mega-CV 625 Tablet,Fightox 625 Tablet,Duet 625 Tablet,","Vomiting,Nausea,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Amoxyclav 625 Tablet is to be taken with food.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Amoxyclav 625 Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Amoxycillin  and  Clavulanic Acid. Amoxycillin  is an antibiotic. It works by preventing the formation of the bacterial protective covering which is essential for the survival of bacteria.  Clavulanic Acid is a beta-lactamase inhibitor which reduces resistance and enhances the activity of Amoxycillin  against bacteria.
Anovate Cream,20 gm in 1 tube,USV Ltd,"Phenylephrine (0.10% w/w) + Beclometasone (0.025% w/w) + Lidocaine (2.50% w/w),",122.0,piles,"Piles,","Pilo GO Cream,PileClear Cream,Proctosedyl BD Cream,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Anovate Cream is a combination of three medicines: Phenylephrine, Beclometasone and Lidocaine, which treats piles. Phenylephrine is a decongestant which shrinks the blood vessels in the affected area of skin and decreases swelling. Beclometasone is a steroid which blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Lidocaine is a local anesthetic which works by blocking pain signals from the nerves to the brain thereby decreasing pain sensation."
Avomine Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Abbott,"Promethazine (25mg),",50.89,"nausea,vomiting,allergic conditions,motion sickness","Nausea,Vomiting,Allergic conditions,Motion sickness,","Propazine Tablet,Progene 25mg Tablet,Proz 25mg Tablet,Prometh 25mg Tablet,Emin 25mg Tablet,","Dryness in mouth,Blurred vision,Headache,Dizziness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Avomine Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Avomine Tablet is an antiallergic medication. When your body is exposed to an allergen (pollen, animal dander, house dust etc.), it produces a chemical called histamine. This causes watery eyes, runny or blocked nose, sneezing, skin rashes, itching etc. Avomine Tablet works by blocking the action of histamine, thereby relieving these symptoms. It also works directly on several areas of the brain to prevent nausea/vomiting and help you feel more relaxed."
Allegra-M Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sanofi India  Ltd,"Montelukast (10mg) + Fexofenadine (120mg),",228.46,sneezing and runny nose due to allergies,"Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies,","Emlukast-FX Tablet,Fixar 10mg/120mg Tablet,Histakind-M Tablet,Histafree-M Tablet,Spiromont-F Tablet,","Nausea,Diarrhea,Vomiting,Skin rash,Flu-like symptoms,Headache,Drowsiness,Dizziness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Allegra-M Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Montelukast is a leukotriene antagonist. It works by blocking the action of a chemical messenger called leukotriene. This reduces inflammation (swelling) in the airways and nose and improves symptoms. Fexofenadine is an antiallergic which blocks the action of another chemical messenger (histamine) responsible for runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing."
Alprax 0.25 Tablet,strip of 15 tablets,Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Alprazolam (0.25mg),",29.0,"anxiety,panic disorder","Anxiety,Panic disorder,","Alltop 0.25mg Tablet,Alprasafe 0.25mg Tablet,Nindra 0.25mg Tablet,Alora 0.25mg Tablet,Alp 0.25mg Tablet,","Lightheadedness,Drowsiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Alprax 0.25 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Alprax 0.25 Tablet is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Augmentin Duo Oral Suspension,30 ml in 1 bottle,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Amoxycillin  (200mg) +  Clavulanic Acid (28.5mg),",60.82,"resistance tuberculosis (tb),bacterial infections","Resistance Tuberculosis (TB),Bacterial infections,","Goldclav Oral Suspension,Moxikind-CV Dry Syrup,Tervis DS Oral Suspension,Bestomax Dry Syrup,Amoxyril-CV Dry Syrup,","Nausea,Vomiting,Abdominal pain,Diarrhea,Allergy,Skin rash,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Augmentin Duo Oral Suspension is to be taken with food.,ANTI INFECTIVES,"Augmentin Duo Oral Suspension is an antibiotic. It has two active agents, amoxycillin and clavulanic acid. Amoxycillin works by preventing the formation of the bacterial protective covering (cell wall) essential for the survival of the bacteria. Whereas, clavulanic acid serves a special purpose of inhibiting an enzyme (beta-lactamase) that is produced by resistant bacteria. This makes the combination of amoxycillin and clavulanic acid an effective line of treatment for many types of infections."
Azee 500 Tablet,5 tablets in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Azithromycin (500mg),",119.5,bacterial infections,"Bacterial infections,","Ibithral 500mg Tablet,Azibest 500mg Tablet,Zeethrom 500 Tablet,Trulimax 500mg Tablet,Zady 500 Tablet,","Vomiting,Nausea,Abdominal pain,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Azee 500 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Azee 500 Tablet is an antibiotic. It works by preventing synthesis of essential proteins required by bacteria to carry out vital functions. Thus, it stops the bacteria from growing, and prevents the infection from spreading."
Ambrodil-S Syrup,100 ml in 1 bottle,Aristo Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Ambroxol (15mg/5ml) + Salbutamol (1mg/5ml),",30.2,cough,"Cough,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Headache,Palpitations,Upset stomach,Tremors,Muscle cramp,Allergic reaction,Increased heart rate,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Ambrodil-S Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Ambrodil-S Syrup is a combination of two medicines: Ambroxol and Salbutamol, which relieves cough. Ambroxol and salbutamol. Ambroxol is a mucolytic which thins and loosens mucus (phlegm), making it easier to cough out. Salbutamol is a bronchodilator which relaxes the muscles in your airways and widens the airways. Together, they make breathing easier."
Asthalin Syrup,100 ml in 1 bottle,Cipla Ltd,"Salbutamol (2mg/5ml),",16.8,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd),"Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","Brethmol 2mg/5ml Syrup,Salvent 2mg Syrup,Ralbet 2mg Syrup,Asthabon 2mg Syrup,VENTORLIN 2MG/5ML SYRUP,","Tremors,Headache,Palpitations,Increased heart rate,Muscle cramp,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Asthalin Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,Asthalin Syrup is a bronchodilator. It works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens airways. This makes breathing easier.
Alex Syrup,100 ml in 1 bottle,Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Phenylephrine (5mg/5ml) + Chlorpheniramine Maleate (2mg/5ml) + Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide (10mg/5ml),",118.0,dry cough,"Dry cough,","Alkof Junior Syrup,Respicure-D Syrup,Torex Junior Syrup,Chericof Syrup,Supkof D Syrup,","Nausea,Vomiting,Loss of appetite,Headache,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Alex Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Alex Syrup is a combination of three medicines: Phenylephrine, Chlorpheniramine Maleate and Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide, which relieves dry cough. Phenylephrine is a decongestant which narrows the small blood vessels providing relief from congestion or stuffiness in the nose. Chlorpheniramine Maleate is an antiallergic which relieves allergy symptoms like runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing. Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide is a cough suppressant that relieves cough by reducing the activity of cough center in the brain."
Allegra 180mg Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sanofi India  Ltd,"Fexofenadine (180mg),",228.37,"sneezing and runny nose due to allergies,allergic conditions","Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies,Allergic conditions,","Lcfex 180 Tablet,Al Low 180mg Tablet,Leegra 180mg Tablet,Fexise 180mg Tablet,Fexert 180mg Tablet,","Headache,Drowsiness,Dizziness,Nausea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Allegra 180mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,Allegra 180mg Tablet belongs to a class of medicines called antihistamines. It blocks the natural chemical substance (histamine) produced in the body during an allergic state and subsides (lowers) your immune system’s response to these conditions.
Ativan 2mg Tablet,strip of 30 tablets,Pfizer Ltd,"Lorazepam (2mg),",82.99,"short term anxiety,anxiety disorder","Short term anxiety,Anxiety disorder,","Zepnap 2mg Tablet,Lorel 2mg Tablet,Texina 2mg Tablet,Lopez 2mg Tablet,Larpose 2mg Tablet,","Fatigue,Balance disorder (loss of balance),Dizziness,Sleepiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Ativan 2mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,Ativan 2mg Tablet is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Ascoril D Plus Syrup Sugar Free,100 ml in 1 bottle,Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Phenylephrine (5mg) + Chlorpheniramine Maleate (2mg) + Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide (10mg),",118.0,dry cough,"Dry cough,","Respikim-D Syrup Cherry,Mutech D Syrup,Wirodex Syrup,Sonodryl Plus Syrup,Akof-D Syrup Sugar Free,","Nausea,Vomiting,Loss of appetite,Headache,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Ascoril D Plus Syrup Sugar Free may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Ascoril D Plus Syrup Sugar Free is a combination of three medicines: Phenylephrine, Chlorpheniramine Maleate and Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide, which relieves dry cough. Phenylephrine is a decongestant which narrows the small blood vessels providing relief from congestion or stuffiness in the nose. Chlorpheniramine Maleate is an antiallergic which relieves allergy symptoms like runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing. Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide is a cough suppressant that relieves cough by reducing the activity of cough center in the brain."
Altraday Capsule SR,10 capsule sr in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Aceclofenac (200mg) + Rabeprazole (20mg),",120.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Rac SR Capsule,Migace-PR Capsule SR,Sonaflam PR 200mg/20mg Capsule SR,Rient-A Capsule SR,Rabispan-AC Capsule SR,","Nausea,Flatulence,Indigestion,Diarrhea,Constipation,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Altraday Capsule SR may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Altraday Capsule SR is a combination of two medicines: Aceclofenac and Rabeprazole, which relieves pain. Aceclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling). Rabeprazole is a proton-pump inhibitor which prevents damage to the stomach lining caused by Aceclofenac."
Ativan 1mg Tablet,strip of 30 tablets,Pfizer Ltd,"Lorazepam (1mg),",68.36,"short term anxiety,anxiety disorder","Short term anxiety,Anxiety disorder,","Lzepam 1mg Tablet,Lopam 1mg Tablet,Zepnap 1mg Tablet,Lorel 1mg Tablet,Larpose 1mg Tablet,","Dizziness,Weakness,Sedation,Balance disorder (loss of balance),","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Ativan 1mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,Ativan 1mg Tablet is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Alprax 0.5mg Tablet SR,strip of 15 tablet sr,Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Alprazolam (0.5mg),",60.85,"anxiety,panic disorder","Anxiety,Panic disorder,","Hipose 0.5mg Tablet SR,Texidep 0.5mg Tablet SR,Zomark 0.5mg Tablet SR,Acoprax 0.5mg Tablet SR,Ancolam 0.5mg Tablet SR,","Lightheadedness,Drowsiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Alprax 0.5mg Tablet SR may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Alprax 0.5mg Tablet SR is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Atarax 10mg Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd,"Hydroxyzine (10mg),",43.56,"anxiety,skin conditions with inflammation & itching","Anxiety,Skin conditions with inflammation & itching,","Hydil 10mg Tablet,Evall 10mg Tablet,Stoprax 10mg Tablet,Hizet 10mg Tablet,Hynorax 10mg Tablet,","Sedation,Nausea,Vomiting,Upset stomach,Constipation,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Atarax 10mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Atarax 10mg Tablet is an antihistaminic medication. In allergy, it works by blocking the action of a chemical messenger (histamine). This relieves allergy symptoms such as itching, swelling, and rashes. In short-term anxiety, it works by decreasing the activity in brain, thereby helping you feel relaxed/sleepy."
Allegra Suspension Raspberry & Vanilla,100 ml in 1 bottle,Sanofi India  Ltd,"Fexofenadine (30mg/5ml),",188.78,"sneezing and runny nose due to allergies,allergic conditions","Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies,Allergic conditions,","Fexovis 30mg Oral Suspension,Fextric Oral Suspension,Fexonix Oral Suspension,Ffd Oral Suspension,Fext Oral Suspension,","Headache,Drowsiness,Dizziness,Nausea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Allegra Suspension Raspberry & Vanilla is to be taken empty stomach.
",RESPIRATORY,Allegra Suspension Raspberry & Vanilla belongs to a class of medicines called antihistamines It blocks the natural chemical substance (histamine) produced in the body during an allergic state and subsides (lowers) your child’s immune system’s response to these conditions.
Albendazole 400mg Tablet,1 Tablet in 1 strip,Cadila Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Albendazole (400mg),",8.1,parasitic infections,"Parasitic infections,","Zeebee Tablet,Abd 400mg Tablet,Zybend Tablet,Bendex 400 Tablet,Alone 400mg Tablet,","Vomiting,Dizziness,Increased liver enzymes,Nausea,Loss of appetite,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Albendazole 400mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Albendazole 400mg Tablet is an antiparasitic medication. It works by keeping the worms from absorbing sugar (glucose), thereby depleting their energy level. This causes the worms to die and treats your infection."
Asthalin 100mcg Inhaler,200 MDI in 1 packet,Cipla Ltd,"Salbutamol (100mcg),",142.51,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd),"Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","RHEOLIN 100 MCG INHALER,Ventorlin Inhaler CFC Free,Bronkonat 100mcg Inhaler,Durasal Breathaler 100mcg Inhaler,Asthavent 100mcg Inhaler,","Tachycardia,Tremors,Headache,Palpitations,Increased heart rate,Muscle cramp,","Check the label for directions before use. Shake the inhaler. While you are breathing in from mouth, press down on the inhaler one time to release the medication and hold your breath for 10 seconds. Repeat until you have inhaled the number of puffs as suggested by the doctor.Afterwards, rinse your mouth thoroughly with water and spit it out.",RESPIRATORY,Asthalin 100mcg Inhaler is a bronchodilator. It works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens airways. This makes breathing easier.
Betnovate-N  Cream,tube of 20 gm Cream,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Betamethasone (0.1% w/w) + Neomycin (0.5% w/w),",36.6,bacterial skin infections,"Bacterial skin infections,","Betamycin-N Cream,Betavent N Cream,","Nausea,Vomiting,Diarrhea,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Betnovate-N  Cream is a combination of two medicines: Betamethasone and Neomycin. Betamethasone is a steroid which blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Neomycin is an antibiotic. It stops bacterial growth on the skin by preventing the synthesis of essential proteins required by bacteria to carry out vital functions."
Betnovate-C Cream,30 gm in 1 tube,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Betamethasone (0.1% w/w) + Clioquinol (Iodochlorhydroxyquin) (3% w/w),",58.6,"bacterial skin infections, fungal skin infections,skin conditions with inflammation & itching","Bacterial skin infections, Fungal skin infections,Skin conditions with inflammation & itching,","Bactoderm C 0.1%/3% Cream,Betavent C Cream,Valeratec 0.1%/3% Cream,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Betnovate-C Cream is a combination of two medicines: Betamethasone and Clioquinol (Iodochlorhydroxyquin), which treats skin infections. Betamethasone is a steroid medicine. It blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Clioquinol (Iodochlorhydroxyquin) is an antibiotic with additional antifungal action. It works by preventing the growth and multiplication of the both bacteria and fungi."
Betnesol Tablet,20 tablets in 1 strip,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Betamethasone (0.5mg),",14.1,allergic conditions,"Allergic conditions,","Betamine Tablet,Cortil A 0.5mg Tablet,Histacort B 0.5mg Tablet,Betawin Forte 0.5mg Tablet,Betawin S 0.5mg Tablet,","Reduction in bone density,Upset stomach,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Betnesol Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.Avoid Betnesol Tablet with dietary sodium.",RESPIRATORY,Betnesol Tablet is a steroid which works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers in the body that cause inflammation (redness and swelling) and allergies.
Brufen 400 Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Abbott,"Ibuprofen (400mg),",17.47,"pain relief,fever","Pain relief,Fever,","Ibupal 400mg Tablet,IBUFLAMAR 400MG TABLET,Bruriff 400mg Tablet,ALFAM 400MG TABLET,Maxofen Tablet,","Vomiting,Stomach pain,Nausea,Indigestion,Heartburn,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Brufen 400 Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Brufen 400 Tablet is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause fever, pain and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Bandy-Plus Chewable Tablet,1 Chewable Tablet in 1 strip,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Ivermectin  (6mg) +  Albendazole (400mg),",25.0,worm infections,"Worm infections,","Pinban Chewable Tablet,Alben-Plus Chewable Tablet,Areban Chewable Tablet,Noworm-Plus Tablet,Albentec Plus Chewable Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Diarrhea,Loss of appetite,Increased liver enzymes,Itching,Dizziness,Swelling of lymph nodes,","Use it as advised by your doctor or check the label for directions before use. Take this medication by mouth. Chew it completely before swallowing, or as directed by your doctor. Bandy-Plus Chewable Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Bandy-Plus Chewable Tablet is a combination of two antiparasitic medicines: Ivermectin  and  Albendazole. Ivermectin  works by binding to muscle and nerve cells of worms causing their paralysis and death.  Albendazole works by keeping the worms from absorbing sugar (glucose), so that they lose energy and die. This treats your infection effectively."
Betadine 2% Gargle Mint,50 ml in 1 bottle,Win-Medicare Pvt Ltd,"Povidone Iodine (2% w/v),",140.0,"mouth infection,sore throat,dry mouth,wound infection","Mouth infection,Sore throat,Dry mouth,Wound infection,","Soludine 2% Gargle,Soludine 2% Gargle,Povilin Gargle Mint,Povisia 2% Gargle,Evashield Gargle,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),",This medicine is for external use only. Use this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Do not dilute the solution. Gargle in the mouth for at least 30 seconds and spit after use.,OPHTHAL OTOLOGICALS,"Betadine 2% Gargle Mint is an antiseptic medicine. When used as a mouthwash, it kills harmful microorganisms of your mouth. This is how it works to prevent and treat infections."
Budecort 0.5mg Respules 2ml,5 respules in 1 packet,Cipla Ltd,"Budesonide (0.5mg),",119.46,asthma,"Asthma,","Budebest Nebuliser Suspension,Pulmicort 0.5mg Respules,Budojet 0.5mg Respules,Budesule 0.5mg Respules,Alvonide 0.5mg Respules,","Difficulty in swallowing,Fungal infection of mouth,Fungal infection of oropharynx,Headache,Abdominal pain,Depression,Joint pain,Cushing syndrome,Dyspepsia,Increased risk of infection,Muscle pain,Muscle weakness,Muscle twitching,Osteoporosis,Irritability,Euphoria (feeling of intense excitement and happiness),",Use this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Twist off the top of the respule/transpule and squeeze all the liquid into the nebulizer. It should be used right away after opening. ,RESPIRATORY,Budecort 0.5mg Respules 2ml is a steroid. It prevents the cells in the lungs and breathing passages from releasing chemical messengers that cause inflammation (swelling) of the airways. This widens the airways and makes breathing easier.
Betadine 10% Ointment,tube of 15 gm Ointment,Win-Medicare Pvt Ltd,"Povidone Iodine (10% w/w),",85.5,wound infection,"Wound infection,","Eradine Ointment,Healodine 10% Ointment,Sysdine 10% Ointment,Povipil Ointment,Povidot 10% Ointment,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and gently massage the ointment. ,OPHTHAL OTOLOGICALS,"Betadine 10% Ointment is an antiseptic applied on skin, which is infected or is likely to get infected. It works by slowly releasing iodine which kills or prevents the growth of infectious microorganisms."
Buscopan 10mg Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Zydus Cadila,"Hyoscine butylbromide (10mg),",39.5,"pain due to smooth muscle spasm,irritable bowel syndrome","Pain due to smooth muscle spasm,Irritable bowel syndrome,","Hyoswift 10mg Tablet,Elcospan 10mg Tablet,Hyosil 10mg Tablet,Spaslin H 10mg Tablet,Belloid 10mg Tablet,","Blurred vision,Increased heart rate,Dryness in mouth,Diarrhea,Dilatation of pupil,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Buscopan 10mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Buscopan 10mg Tablet is an anticholinergic medication. It works by relaxing the muscles in the stomach and gut (intestine). It stops sudden muscle contractions (spasms), thereby relieving cramps, pain, bloating, and discomfort."
Benadryl Syrup,150 ml in 1 bottle,Johnson & Johnson Ltd,"Diphenhydramine (14.08mg/5ml) + Ammonium Chloride (138mg/5ml) + Sodium Citrate (57.03mg/5ml),",129.0,cough,"Cough,","Odaril Syrup,Tussberry-N Syrup,New Brethese Syrup,Suntuss CF Syrup,COF-RYL Cough Syrup,","Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Dizziness,Sleepiness,Impaired coordination,Thickened respiratory tract secretions,Allergic reaction,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Benadryl Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Benadryl Syrup is a combination of three medicines: Diphenhydramine, Ammonium chloride and Sodium citrate, which relieves cough. Diphenhydramine is an antiallergic which relieves allergy symptoms like  runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing. Ammonium chloride is an expectorant which decreases the stickiness of mucus (phlegm) and helps in its removal from the airways. Sodium citrate is a mucolytic which thins and loosens mucus (phlegm), making it easier to cough out."
Banocide Forte Tablet,30 tablets in 1 strip,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Diethylcarbamazine (100mg),",43.62,"worm infections, filariasis","Worm infections, Filariasis,","Esnotone Tablet,Dicarb 100mg Tablet,Benocide 100mg Forte  Tablet,Hetrazan 100 Tablet,Deecee 100mg Tablet,","Headache,Dizziness,Vomiting,Abnormal liver function tests,Nausea,Abdominal pain,Hair loss,Fever,Vertigo,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Banocide Forte Tablet is to be taken with food.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Banocide Forte Tablet belongs to a class of medications called anthelmintics. It kills the parasitic worms that cause parasitic worm infections as well as Filariasis. This helps to treat your infection.
Bro-Zedex Syrup,100 ml in 1 bottle,Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd,"Bromhexine (4mg) + Guaifenesin (50mg) + Menthol (2.5mg) + Terbutaline (1.25mg),",142.5,cough,"Cough,","Cufrid Syrup,Cofocura Syrup,Chemidrex E Syrup,Amdex Syrup,Prodyl X Syrup,","Nausea,Indigestion,Bloating,Vomiting,Diarrhea,Stomach pain,Dizziness,Headache,Sweating,Skin rash,Hives,Tremors,Increased heart rate,Palpitations,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Bro-Zedex Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Bro-Zedex Syrup is a combination of four medicines: Bromhexine, Guaifenesin, Menthol and Terbutaline. Bromhexine is a mucolytic which thins and loosens mucus (phlegm), making it easier to cough out. Guaifenesin is an expectorant which works by decreasing the stickiness of airway secretions and helps in their removal from the airways. Menthol is an organic compound which produces a sensation of coolness and relieves minor throat irritation. Terbutaline is a bronchodilator which relaxes the muscles in the airways and widens the airways.Together, they make breathing easier."
Betnovate Cream,20 gm in 1 tube,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Betamethasone (0.1% w/w),",18.79,"allergic skin conditions, allergic conditions","Allergic skin conditions, Allergic conditions,","Betadip 0.1% Cream,Urosone Cream,","Reduction in bone density,Upset stomach,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",RESPIRATORY,"Betnovate Cream is a steroid. It works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy."
Betadine 10% Solution,100 ml in 1 bottle,Win-Medicare Pvt Ltd,"Povidone Iodine (10% w/v),",104.16,treatment and prevention of wound infection,"Treatment and prevention of Wound infection,","Povidot 10% Solution,Povilon 10% Solution,Wokadine 10% Solution,Povinanz 10% Solution,Piodine 10 Solution,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),",Use this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. ,OPHTHAL OTOLOGICALS,"Betadine 10% Solution is an antiseptic applied on skin, which is infected or is likely to get infected. It works by slowly releasing iodine which kills or prevents the growth of infectious microorganisms."
Bandy Suspension,10 ml in 1 bottle,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Albendazole (200mg),",17.87,parasitic infections,"Parasitic infections,","Albitif Oral Suspension,Keebend 200mg Oral Suspension,Nikal 200mg Oral Suspension,Albifen 200mg Oral Suspension,Z Bend 200mg Oral Suspension,","Sore throat,Vomiting,Dizziness,Increased liver enzymes,Nausea,Loss of appetite,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Bandy Suspension may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Worms enter inside your child’s body when your child eats or drinks something that’s infected with a worm or its eggs. Once inside the body, these worms get attached to the inner walls of the intestines and can even enter other body organs. Bandy Suspension works by keeping the worms from absorbing sugar (glucose), thereby depleting their energy level. This causes the worms to die thereby treating your child’s infection."
Benzac AC 2.5% Gel,tube of 20 gm Gel,Galderma India Pvt Ltd,"Benzoyl Peroxide (2.5% w/w),",83.0,acne,"Acne,","Benzpride 2.5% Gel,Cuzoyl 2.5% Gel,Pernex AC 2.5% Gel,Benzovib 2.5% Gel,Ronimide 2.5% Gel,","Dry skin,Erythema (skin redness),Itching,Burning sensation,Skin peeling,Stinging sensation,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the gel. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Benzac AC 2.5% Gel is an organic compound. It has a keratolytic property, i.e., it even out the uneven skin. When applied on acne, it releases oxygen which kills the bacteria. This is how it works to cure your acne."
Bandy-Plus Suspension,10 ml in 1 bottle,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Ivermectin  (1.5mg) +  Albendazole (200mg),",33.0,worm infections,"Worm infections,","Arena A Oral Suspension,Elmactin Oral Suspension,Beniv Oral Suspension,Areban Oral Suspension,Albend Plus Oral Suspension,","Vomiting,Nausea,Dizziness,Headache,Abdominal pain,Loss of appetite,Hair loss,Fever,Sore throat,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Bandy-Plus Suspension is to be taken empty stomach.
",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Bandy-Plus Suspension is a mixture of two medicines: Ivermectin and Albendazole. Ivermectin works by binding to the muscle and nerve cells of worms, causing their paralysis and death. Albendazole works by keeping the worms from absorbing sugar (glucose), thereby depleting their energy level. This causes the worms to die, thereby treating your child’s infection effectively."
Bilasure M 20mg/10mg Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Bilastine (20mg) + Montelukast (10mg),",172.0,allergic conditions,"Allergic conditions,","Belatin-M Tablet,Montemac BL 20mg/10mg Tablet,Bilacad M Tablet,Maxstine M 20mg/10mg Tablet,Bilajoy-M Tablet,","Limited data available,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Bilasure M 20mg/10mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Bilasure M 20mg/10mg Tablet is a combination of two medicines : Bilastine and Montelukast. Bilastine is an anti-allergic medication. It treats allergy symptoms such as itching, swelling, and rashes by blocking the effects of a chemical messenger (histamine) in the body. Montelukast works by blocking the action of leukotriene, a chemical messenger. This reduces inflammation in the airways to prevent asthma and relieve symptoms of allergies."
Buscopan 20mg Injection,vial of 1 ml Injection,Zydus Cadila,"Hyoscine butylbromide (20mg),",9.74,"pain due to smooth muscle spasm, irritable bowel syndrome","Pain due to smooth muscle spasm, Irritable bowel syndrome,","Hyospan 20mg Injection,Biospan Injection,Cholipan 20mg Injection,Hyopil 20mg Injection,Hyocimax 20mg Injection,","Blurred vision,Increased heart rate,Dryness in mouth,Diarrhea,Dilatation of pupil,",Your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine. Kindly do not self administer. ,GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Buscopan 20mg Injection is an anticholinergic medication. It works by relaxing the muscles in the stomach and gut (intestine). It stops sudden muscle contractions (spasms), thereby relieving cramps, pain, bloating, and discomfort."
Betnovate-GM Cream,20 gm in 1 tube,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Betamethasone (0.1% w/w) + Gentamicin (0.1% w/w) + Miconazole (2% w/w),",34.05,skin infections,"Skin infections,","Bactoderm - GM Cream,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),Thinning of skin,Skin peeling,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Betnovate-GM Cream is a combination of three medicines: Betamethasone, Gentamicin and Miconazole, which treats skin infections. Betamethasone is a steroid which blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Gentamicin is an antibiotic which stops the growth of bacteria while Miconazole is an antifungal which stops the growth of fungi on the skin. Together, they treat your skin infection effectively."
Bilazest 20mg Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Abbott,"Bilastine (20mg),",163.35,allergic conditions,"Allergic conditions,","Bilacalm Tablet,Bilachek Tablet,Antegy Tablet,Bilacad Tablet,Bilasoft Tablet,","Headache,Drowsiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Bilazest 20mg Tablet is to be taken with food.",RESPIRATORY,"Bilazest 20mg Tablet is an antiallergic medication. It treats allergy symptoms such as such as itching, swelling, and rashes by blocking the effects of a chemical messenger (histamine) in the body."
Betnesol Injection 1ml,8 injections in 1 packet,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Betamethasone (4mg/ml),",37.44,allergic conditions,"Allergic conditions,","Besol Injection,Betnecip 4mg/ml Injection,Stemin Injection,Betsone 4mg/ml Injection,Decdan B 4mg/ml Injection,","Depression,Reduction in bone density,Upset stomach,",Your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine. Kindly do not self administer. ,RESPIRATORY,Betnesol Injection 1ml is a steroid which works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers in the body that cause inflammation (redness and swelling) and allergies.
Bactrim DS Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Abbott,"Sulfamethoxazole (800mg) + Trimethoprim (160mg),",22.7,bacterial infections,"Bacterial infections,","Cortina DS 800mg/160mg Tablet,Colizole DS 800mg/160mg Tablet,Tabrol DS Tablet,Sepmax DS Tablet,Ciplin DS DS Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Skin rash,Allergic reaction,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Bactrim DS Tablet is to be taken with food.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Bactrim DS Tablet is a combination of two antibiotics: Sulfamethoxazole and Trimethoprim. These antibiotics work by preventing the bacteria from producing folic acid, a nutrient required for bacterial multiplication. Together, they treat your infection effectively."
Betnovate-N  Cream,25 gm in 1 tube,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Betamethasone (0.1% w/w) + Neomycin (0.5% w/w),",50.3,bacterial skin infections,"Bacterial skin infections,","Betamycin-N Cream,Betavent N Cream,","Nausea,Vomiting,Diarrhea,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Betnovate-N  Cream is a combination of two medicines: Betamethasone and Neomycin. Betamethasone is a steroid which blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Neomycin is an antibiotic. It stops bacterial growth on the skin by preventing the synthesis of essential proteins required by bacteria to carry out vital functions."
Chymoral Forte Tablet,20 tablets in 1 strip,Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Trypsin Chymotrypsin (100000AU),",423.4,"pain relief, swelling","Pain relief, Swelling,","K-Trip Forte Tablet,Soldase 100000AU Tablet,Tryden Tablet,Chymonet Forte Tablet,Chymoking 100000AU Tablet,","Limited data available,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Chymoral Forte Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Chymoral Forte Tablet is an enzyme. It works by breaking down proteins into smaller fragments, thereby making them available for absorption into the blood. Once absorbed, it increases blood supply in the affected area and reduces swelling."
Cyclopam Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Indoco Remedies Ltd,"Dicyclomine (20mg) + Paracetamol (500mg),",51.2,abdominal pain,"Abdominal pain,","Ortispasm 20mg/500mg Tablet,Endospaz 20 mg/500 mg Tablet,Nucyclo 20mg/500mg Tablet,Spaswel 20mg/500mg Tablet,Dicdic-P Tablet,","Nausea,Dryness in mouth,Blurred vision,Sleepiness,Weakness,Nervousness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Cyclopam Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Cyclopam Tablet is a combination of two medicines: dicyclomine and paracetamol, which relieves abdominal pain and cramps. Dicyclomine is an anti-cholinergic which relaxes the muscles in the stomach and gut (intestine). It stops sudden muscle contractions (spasms), thereby relieving cramps, pain, bloating, and discomfort. Paracetamol is an analgesic (pain reliever) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain."
Combiflam Tablet,20 tablets in 1 strip,Sanofi India  Ltd,"Ibuprofen (400mg) + Paracetamol (325mg),",41.87,"pain relief, fever","Pain relief, Fever,","Answell 400 mg/325 mg Tablet,Bruace 400 mg/325 mg Tablet,Rupar 400 mg/325 mg Tablet,Brufamol Tablet,Zupar 400mg/325mg Tablet,","Heartburn,Indigestion,Nausea,Stomach pain,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Combiflam Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Combiflam Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Ibuprofen and Paracetamol. It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause fever, pain and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Cheston Cold Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Cetirizine (5mg) + Paracetamol (325mg) + Phenylephrine (10mg),",46.75,common cold,"Common cold,","Demlar 5mg/325mg/10mg Tablet,Evercold Plus 5mg/325mg/10mg Tablet,Cetros Plus 5mg/325mg/10mg Tablet,Bio CC 5mg/325mg/10mg Tablet,NS Cold 5mg/325mg/10mg Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Headache,Fatigue,Dizziness,Dryness in mouth,Sleepiness,Allergic reaction,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Cheston Cold Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Cheston Cold Tablet is a combination of three medicines: Cetirizine, Paracetamol and Phenylephrine, which relieves common cold symptoms. Cetirizine is an antiallergic which blocks histamine (a chemical messenger) to relieve allergy symptoms like runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing. Paracetamol is an analgesic (pain reliever) and antipyretic (fever reducer). It blocks the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that are responsible for pain and fever. Phenylephrine is a decongestant which narrows the small blood vessels providing relief from congestion or stuffiness in the nose."
Candid-B Cream,20 gm in 1 tube,Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Beclometasone (0.025% w/w) + Clotrimazole (1% w/w),",139.0,fungal skin infections,"Fungal skin infections,","Cantop B Cream,Cloben 15 Cream,Rizole B Cream,Czson B Cream,Monila Plus Cream,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Candid-B Cream is a combination of two medicines: Beclometasone and Clotrimazole which treat skin infections. Beclometasone is a steroid  which blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Clotrimazole is an antifungal which stops the growth of fungi on the skin by preventing them from forming their own protective covering."
Ceftum 500mg Tablet,4 tablets in 1 strip,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Cefuroxime (500mg),",452.6,bacterial infections,"Bacterial infections,","Cefoxim 500 Tablet,Zefu 500 Tablet,Bigcef 500 Tablet,Augxetil 500mg Tablet,Cefakind 500 Tablet,","Rash,Vomiting,Allergic reaction,Increased liver enzymes,Nausea,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Ceftum 500mg Tablet is to be taken with food.Avoid Ceftum 500mg Tablet with dietary sodium.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Ceftum 500mg Tablet is an antibiotic. It kills bacteria by preventing them from forming the bacterial protective covering (cell wall) which is needed for them to survive.
Ciplox Eye/Ear Drops,10 ml in 1 bottle,Cipla Ltd,"Ciprofloxacin (0.3% w/v),",17.05,"bacterial eye / ear infections, bacterial infections","Bacterial eye / ear infections, Bacterial infections,","C Flox Eye/Ear Drops,Cipronex E 0.3% Eye/Ear Drops,Cipropen Eye/Ear Drops,Ceepro Eye/Ear Drops,Cfc Eye/Ear Drops,","Application site irritation,Burning sensation,Nausea,Diarrhea,",This medicine is for external use only.Take it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Hold the dropper close to the eye/ear without touching it. Gently squeeze the dropper and place the medicine inside the lower eyelid or ear. Wipe off extra liquid.  ,OPHTHAL OTOLOGICALS,Ciplox Eye/Ear Drops is an antibiotic. It treats bacterial eye/ear infections by preventing the bacteria from dividing and repairing. It does so stopping the action of a bacterial enzyme called DNA-gyrase.
Cypon Syrup,200 ml in 1 bottle,Geno Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Cyproheptadine (2mg/5ml) + Tricholine Citrate (275mg/5ml) + Sorbitol (2gm/5ml),",104.0,appetite stimulant,"Appetite stimulant,","Actizer Syrup,Pepcip Syrup,Cycoline Syrup,Yopon  Syrup,Oditril Syrup,","Constipation,Dryness in mouth,Drowsiness,Sleepiness,Blurred vision,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Cypon Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",VITAMINS MINERALS NUTRIENTS,"Cypon Syrup is a combination of three medicines: Cyproheptadine, tricholine citrate and sorbitol, which revives appetite. Cyproheptadine is an appetite-stimulant. It works by reducing the effect of a chemical messenger (serotonin) in the hypothalamus, a part of the brain which regulates appetite. Tricholine citrate is a bile acid binding agent which removes bile acids from the body. The liver then produces more bile acids using cholesterol, as a result of which cholesterol level is lowered. Sorbitol acts as a syrup base and also as an osmotic laxative to relieve constipation."
Clavam 625 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Alkem Laboratories Ltd,"Amoxycillin  (500mg) +  Clavulanic Acid (125mg),",201.62,bacterial infections,"Bacterial infections,","Moxikind-CV 625 Tablet,Moxiforce-CV 625 Tablet,Mega-CV 625 Tablet,Fightox 625 Tablet,Duet 625 Tablet,","Vomiting,Nausea,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Clavam 625 Tablet is to be taken with food.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Clavam 625 Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Amoxycillin  and  Clavulanic Acid. Amoxycillin  is an antibiotic. It works by preventing the formation of the bacterial protective covering which is essential for the survival of bacteria.  Clavulanic Acid is a beta-lactamase inhibitor which reduces resistance and enhances the activity of Amoxycillin  against bacteria.
Cefix 200 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Cefixime (200mg),",107.74,bacterial infections,"Bacterial infections,","Cefilab 200 Tablet,Milixim 200 Tablet,Mahacef 200 Tablet,Ceftas 200 Tablet,Zofix 200 Tablet,","Nausea,Stomach pain,Indigestion,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Cefix 200 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Cefix 200 Tablet is an antibiotic. It kills the bacteria by preventing them from forming the bacterial protective covering (cell wall) which is needed for them to survive.
Cyra-D Capsule,10 capsules in 1 strip,Systopic Laboratories Pvt Ltd,"Domperidone (30mg) + Rabeprazole (20mg),",47.0,"gastroesophageal reflux disease (acid reflux), peptic ulcer disease","Gastroesophageal reflux disease (Acid reflux), Peptic ulcer disease,","Rabio DSR Capsule,Rabtune D 30mg/20mg Capsule,Rabiwalk D 30mg/20mg Capsule,Rabitrol D Capsule,Rabifox 30mg/20mg Capsule,","Diarrhea,Stomach pain,Dryness in mouth,Headache,Dizziness,Flatulence,Weakness,Flu-like symptoms,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Cyra-D Capsule is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Cyra-D Capsule is a combination of two medicines: Domperidone and Rabeprazole. Domperidone is a prokinetic which works on the upper digestive tract to increase the movement of the stomach and intestines, allowing the food to move more easily through the stomach. Rabeprazole is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI) which works by reducing the amount of acid in the stomach which helps in the relief of acid-related indigestion and heartburn."
Ciplox 500 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Ciprofloxacin (500mg),",40.99,bacterial infections,"Bacterial infections,","Cebran 500mg Tablet,Cipcoz 500mg Tablet,Floxip 500 Tablet,Maflo 500mg Tablet,Ciprobid 500 Tablet,","Nausea,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Ciplox 500 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.Avoid Ciplox 500 Tablet with caffeine and chocolate as well as food containing caffeine and chocolate such as tea leaves, cocoa beans.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Ciplox 500 Tablet is an antibiotic. It works by stopping the action of a bacterial enzyme called DNA-gyrase. This prevents the bacterial cells from dividing and repairing, thereby killing them."
Cetrizine Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Knoll Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Cetirizine (10mg),",18.48,allergic conditions,"Allergic conditions,","Stanhist 10 Tablet,Sizon 10 Tablet,Cetriver 10mg Tablet,Zyrtec Tablet,Tancet 10mg Tablet,","Sleepiness,Dizziness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Cetrizine Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Cetrizine Tablet is an antihistaminic medication. It treats allergy symptoms such as itching, swelling, and rashes by blocking the effects of a chemical messenger (histamine) in the body."
Cyclopam Suspension,60 ml in 1 bottle,Indoco Remedies Ltd,"Dicyclomine (10mg) + Simethicone (40mg),",93.7,"irritable bowel syndrome, abdominal pain","Irritable bowel syndrome, Abdominal pain,","Virtal Oral Suspension,Pedas Oral Suspension,Spasact Oral Suspension,Mefcolic Drop,Meftal-Spas Suspension,","Nausea,Vomiting,Blurred vision,Drowsiness,Nervousness,Constipation,Diarrhea,Burping,Loss of appetite,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Cyclopam Suspension is to be taken with food.,GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Cyclopam Suspension is a mixture of two active medicines Dicyclomine, an antispasmodic agent, and Simethicone, an antifoaming medicine. Dicyclomine works by relaxing the muscles in your stomach and gut (intestine). It stops sudden muscle contractions (spasms), thereby relieving abdominal cramps and pain. Whereas, Simethicone disintegrates gas bubbles and allows easy passage of gas."
Cremaffin Plus  Syrup Refreshing Sugar Free,225 ml in 1 bottle,Abbott,"Sodium Picosulfate (3.33mg) + Liquid Paraffin (1.25ml) + Milk Of Magnesia (3.75ml),",246.12,constipation,"Constipation,","Rixifin P Syrup,Softools Syrup,Laxnova Plus Syrup,Lacofin P Syrup,Laxopin Syrup,","Diarrhea,Stomach pain,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Cremaffin Plus  Syrup Refreshing Sugar Free may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Sodium picosulfate, liquid paraffin and milk of magnesia, which relieves constipation. Sodium picosulfate is a stimulant laxative which increases peristalsis (the wave-like movement of the intestines) to push the stools forward. Liquid paraffin is a lubricant laxative which helps retain water and fat in the stools, while milk of magnesia is an osmotic laxative which works by drawing water into the intestine through osmosis, making the stools soft. Together, they make stools easier to pass."
Ciplox TZ  Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Ciprofloxacin (500mg) + Tinidazole (600mg),",155.96,bacterial & parasitic infections,"Bacterial & parasitic infections,","Cipromed TZ 500 mg/600 mg Tablet,Cipsol TZ 500 mg/600 mg Tablet,Nircip TZ Tablet,Akcip TZ 500 mg/600 mg Tablet,Neoflox TZ Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain,Dryness in mouth,Metallic taste,Headache,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Ciplox TZ  Tablet is to be taken with food.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Ciplox TZ  Tablet is a combination of two antibiotics: Ciprofloxacin and Tinidazole. Ciprofloxacin works by preventing the bacterial cells from dividing and repairing, thereby killing the bacteria. Tinidazole kills parasites and anaerobic bacteria that cause infections by damaging their DNA. Together, they treat your infection effectively."
Clobenate-Gm Cream,10 gm in 1 tube,Ind Swift Laboratories Ltd,"Clobetasol (0.05% w/w) + Gentamicin (0.1% w/w) + Miconazole (2% w/w),",69.85,skin infections," Skin infections,","Zinclovil Cream,Cosvate-Gm Cream,Cosvate-Gm Cream,Clop mg Cream,Mixderm G M Cream,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),Thinning of skin,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Clobenate-Gm Cream is a combination of three medicines: Clobetasol, Gentamicin and Miconazole, which treats skin infections. Clobetasol is a steroid medicine. It blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. It provides temporary relief of symptoms. Gentamicin is an antibiotic which kills bacteria by preventing the synthesis of essential proteins required by bacteria to carry out vital functions. Miconazole is an antifungal which stops the growth of fungi by preventing them from forming their own protective covering."
Clobeta GM Cream,10 gm in 1 tube,Laborate Pharmaceuticals India Ltd,"Clobetasol (0.05% w/w) + Neomycin (0.5% w/w) + Miconazole (2% w/w) + Zinc Oxide (2.5% w/w) + Borax (0.05% w/w),",67.0,skin infections,"Skin infections,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Thinning of skin,Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),Dryness,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Clobeta GM Cream is a combination of Five medicines: Clobetasol, Neomycin, Miconazole, Zinc Oxide and Borax. Clobetasol is a steroid medicine. It blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Neomycin is an antibiotic. It stops bacterial growth by preventing the synthesis of essential proteins required by the bacteria to carry out vital functions. Miconazole is an antifungal which stops the growth of fungi by preventing them from forming their own protective covering. Borax and zinc provide essential nutrients to the body."
Candid Mouth Paint,25 ml in 1 bottle,Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Clotrimazole (1% w/v),",153.0,"fungal infections of mouth (thrush), fungal infections","Fungal infections of mouth (Thrush), Fungal infections,","Myconorm Mouth Paint,Mycocid Mouth Paint,Oldid Mouth Paint,Orabest Mouth Paint,Canfree Mouth Paint,","No common side effects seen,Blisters,Skin peeling,Swelling,Application site irritation,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. ,DERMA,Candid Mouth Paint is an antifungal medication which treats fungal infections of the mouth. It works by binding with the mucosa (the inner surface of the lips and cheeks) from where it is slowly released into the saliva. The fungal cell membranes are destroyed thereby killing the fungi.
Ciplox D Eye/Ear Drops,10 ml in 1 packet,Cipla Ltd,"Ciprofloxacin (0.3% w/v) + Dexamethasone (0.1% w/v),",21.95,"bacterial eye / ear infections, eye infection with inflammation"," Bacterial eye / ear infections, Eye infection with inflammation,","Kemocip D Eye/Ear Drops,Biocip D Eye/Ear Drops,Zoxan-D Eye/Ear Drops,Lucipro D Eye/Ear Drops,Floxomed D Eye/Ear Drops,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),",This medicine is for external use only.Take it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Hold the dropper close to the eye/ear without touching it. Gently squeeze the dropper and place the medicine inside the lower eyelid or ear. Wipe off extra liquid.  ,OPHTHAL OTOLOGICALS,Ciplox D Eye/Ear Drops is a combination of two medicines: Ciprofloxacin and Dexamethasone. Ciprofloxacin is an antibiotic. It kills bacteria in the eye/ear by preventing them from reproducing and repairing themselves. This treats your infection. Dexamethasone is a steroid which blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the eye/ear red swollen and itchy.
Calpol 500mg Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Paracetamol (500mg),",15.04,"pain relief, fever","Pain relief, Fever,","Dolo 500 Tablet,P 500 Tablet,Fepanil Tablet,Pacimol 500 Tablet,Pyrigesic Tablet,","Stomach pain,Nausea,Vomiting,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Calpol 500mg Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Calpol 500mg Tablet is an analgesic (pain reliever) and anti-pyretic (fever reducer). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and fever.
Chericof Syrup,100 ml in 1 bottle,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Phenylephrine (5mg/5ml) + Chlorpheniramine Maleate (2mg/5ml) + Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide (10mg/5ml),",108.0,dry cough," Dry cough,","Alkof Junior Syrup,Respicure-D Syrup,Torex Junior Syrup,Supkof D Syrup,Ascoril D Junior Cough Syrup,","Nausea,Vomiting,Loss of appetite,Headache,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Chericof Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Chericof Syrup is a combination of three medicines: Phenylephrine, Chlorpheniramine Maleate and Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide, which relieves dry cough. Phenylephrine is a decongestant which narrows the small blood vessels providing relief from congestion or stuffiness in the nose. Chlorpheniramine Maleate is an antiallergic which relieves allergy symptoms like runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing. Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide is a cough suppressant that relieves cough by reducing the activity of cough center in the brain."
Cepodem 200 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Cefpodoxime Proxetil (200mg),",172.0,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Gudcef 200 Tablet,Zipod 200mg Tablet,Oxipod 200mg Tablet,Bactogard 200mg Tablet,Doxcef 200 Tablet,","Rash,Nausea,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Cepodem 200 Tablet is to be taken with food.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Cepodem 200 Tablet is an antibiotic. It kills the bacteria by preventing them from forming the bacterial protective covering (cell wall) which is needed for them to survive.
Aciloc RD 20 Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Cadila Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Domperidone (10mg) + Omeprazole (20mg),",42.7,"gastroesophageal reflux disease (acid reflux), peptic ulcer disease"," Gastroesophageal reflux disease (Acid reflux), Peptic ulcer disease,","Magaloc DM 10mg/20mg Tablet,Vepra-D 10mg/20mg Tablet,Try DM 10mg/20mg Tablet,Omtro D 10mg/20mg Tablet,Prazowel D 10mg/20mg Tablet,","Diarrhea,Stomach pain,Dryness in mouth,Headache,Flatulence,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Aciloc RD 20 Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Aciloc RD 20 Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Domperidone and Omeprazole. Domperidone is a prokinetic which works on the upper digestive tract to increase the movement of the stomach and intestines, allowing the food to move more easily through the stomach. Omeprazole is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI) which works by reducing the amount of acid in the stomach which helps in the relief of acid-related indigestion and heartburn."
Aldigesic-SP Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Alkem Laboratories Ltd,"Aceclofenac (100mg) + Paracetamol (325mg) + Serratiopeptidase (10mg),",115.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Asozen SR Plus 100mg/325mg/10mg Tablet,Acimol S 100mg/325mg/10mg Tablet,Acecloven SP Tablet,Accept-SP Tablet,Combifenac SP 100mg/325mg/10mg Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain,Indigestion,Heartburn,Loss of appetite,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Aldigesic-SP Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Aldigesic-SP Tablet is a combination of three medicines: Aceclofenac, Paracetamol and Serratiopeptidase. Aceclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), and Paracetamol is an antipyretic (fever reducer). They work by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that cause pain and fever. Serratiopeptidase is an enzyme which works by breaking down abnormal proteins at the site of inflammation and promotes healing."
Arachitol 6L Injection,6 injections in 1 packet,Abbott,"Vitamin D3 (600000IU),",370.74,"vitamin d deficiency, osteoporosis"," Vitamin D deficiency, Osteoporosis,","Sychitol 600000IU Injection,Devita 600000IU Injection,Huch D3 Injection,Refocal D3 6MIU Injection,Dvital 600000IU Injection,","Injection site reactions (pain, swelling, redness),Weakness,Muscle pain,Metallic taste,",Your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine. Kindly do not self administer. ,VITAMINS MINERALS NUTRIENTS,Arachitol 6L Injection is a form of vitamin D. It raises vitamin D levels in your blood. This in turn raises calcium levels in your blood by helping you absorb more calcium from food.
Azithral 200 Liquid,15 ml in 1 bottle,Alembic Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Azithromycin (200mg/5ml),",51.7,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Azee 200mg Dry Syrup,Azimax 200 Dry Syrup,Azax 200 Suspension,Pratham 200 Rediuse Oral Suspension,Aziwok 200 Liquid Mango,","Vomiting,Nausea,Abdominal pain,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Azithral 200 Liquid may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Azithral 200 Liquid is an antibiotic. It works by interfering with the synthesis of essential proteins required by bacteria to perform important functions. By doing so, it stops the infection-causing bacteria from growing further and prevents the infection from spreading."
Akt 4 Kit,packet of 1 Kit,Lupin Ltd,"Isoniazid (300mg) + Rifampicin (450mg) + Ethambutol (800mg) + Pyrazinamide (750mg),",24.7,tuberculosis (tb)," Tuberculosis (TB),","RF 4 Kit,Anticox 4 Kit,4D Kit,Afb 4 Kit,CAVICIN E KIT,","Nausea,Vomiting,Rash,Fever,Dark colored urine,Sweating,Increased sputum production,Salivation,Watery eyes,Peripheral neuropathy (tingling and numbness of feet and hand),Increased liver enzymes,Jaundice,Increased uric acid level in blood,Visual impairment,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label before use. Akt 4 Kit is to be taken empty stomach.
Avoid Akt 4 Kit with tyramine-rich food such as cheese, smoked fish, meats and some types of beer.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Akt 4 Kit is a combination of four medicines: Isoniazid, rifampicin, ethambutol and pyrazinamide which treat tuberculosis. Isoniazid works by preventing the TB bacteria from forming their own protective covering, while rifampicin inactivates a bacterial enzyme (RNA-polymerase) which is required by TB bacteria to make essential proteins and to reproduce. Together, they kill the bacteria and eradicate the infection. Ethambutol and pyrazinamide on the other hand, work by slowing the growth of these bacteria."
Asthakind-DX Syrup Sugar Free,60 ml in 1 bottle,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Phenylephrine (5mg/5ml) + Chlorpheniramine Maleate (2mg/5ml) + Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide (15mg/5ml),",64.0,dry cough," Dry cough,","Zedex Plus Cough Syrup,Terbuaid DX Syrup,Imotus D Syrup,Cofix-DX Syrup,Hincold-DX Syrup Delicious Orange,","Nausea,Vomiting,Loss of appetite,Headache,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Asthakind-DX Syrup Sugar Free may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Asthakind-DX Syrup Sugar Free is a combination of three medicines: Phenylephrine, Chlorpheniramine Maleate and Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide, which relieves dry cough. Phenylephrine is a decongestant which narrows the small blood vessels providing relief from congestion or stuffiness in the nose. Chlorpheniramine Maleate is an antiallergic which relieves allergy symptoms like runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing. Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide is a cough suppressant that relieves cough by reducing the activity of cough center in the brain."
Almox 500 Capsule,10 capsules in 1 strip,Alkem Laboratories Ltd,"Amoxycillin (500mg),",72.46,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Amox 500mg Capsule,Wymox 500mg Capsule,Moxilium 500mg Capsule,Radimox 500mg Capsule,Taurmox 500mg Capsule,","Rash,Vomiting,Allergic reaction,Nausea,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Almox 500 Capsule may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Almox 500 Capsule is an antibiotic. It kills bacteria by preventing them from forming the bacterial protective covering (cell wall) which is needed for them to survive.
Ascoril LS Junior Syrup,60 ml in 1 bottle,Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Ambroxol (15mg/5ml) + Levosalbutamol (0.5mg/5ml) + Guaifenesin (50mg/5ml),",96.0,cough with mucus," Cough with mucus,","Mactuss LS Junior Syrup,Nakuf LS Syrup,Vestaryl Junior Syrup,Ambril Plus Syrup,Cleartuss LS Syrup,","Nausea,Vomiting,Diarrhea,Upset stomach,Stomach pain,Allergic reaction,Dizziness,Headache,Rash,Hives,Tremors,Palpitations,Muscle cramp,Increased heart rate,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Ascoril LS Junior Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Ascoril LS Junior Syrup is a combination of three medicines: Ambroxol, Levosalbutamol and Guaifenesin, which relieves cough with mucus. Ambroxol is a mucolytic which thins and loosens mucus (phlegm), making it easier to cough out. Levosalbutamol is a bronchodilator. It works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens airways. Guaifenesin is an expectorant which decreases the stickiness of mucus (phlegm) and helps in its removal from the airways. Together, they make breathing easier."
Ascoril LS Drops,15 ml in 1 bottle,Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Ambroxol (7.5mg/ml) + Levosalbutamol (0.25mg/ml) + Guaifenesin (12.5mg/ml),",66.0,"acute sore throat, cough with mucus","Acute Sore throat, Cough with mucus,","Broncho Tussin LS Drop,Astha-LS Oral Drops,Usal LS Drops,Ventirex-PD Plus Oral Drops,Levokof Oral Drops,","Vomiting,Diarrhea,Excessive salivation,Fatigue,Headache,Dizziness,Rash,Numbness of extremity,Nausea,Increased heart rate,Stomach discomfort,Palpitations,Tremors,Muscle cramp,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a marked dropper and take it as directed.  Ascoril LS Drops may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Ascoril LS Drops is a combination of three medicines: Ambroxol, Levosalbutamol, and Guaifenesin, which relieves cough with mucus. Ambroxol is a mucolytic that thins and loosens mucus (phlegm), making it easier to cough out. Levosalbutamol is a bronchodilator. It works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens the airways. Guaifenesin is an expectorant that decreases the stickiness of mucus (phlegm) and helps in its removal from the airways. Together, they make breathing easier."
Anxit 0.25mg Tablet,strip of 15 tablets,Micro Labs Ltd,"Alprazolam (0.25mg),",20.5,"anxiety, panic disorder"," Anxiety, Panic disorder,","Alltop 0.25mg Tablet,Alprasafe 0.25mg Tablet,Nindra 0.25mg Tablet,Alora 0.25mg Tablet,Alp 0.25mg Tablet,","Lightheadedness,Drowsiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Anxit 0.25mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Anxit 0.25mg Tablet is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Akurit 4 Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Lupin Ltd,"Isoniazid (75mg) + Rifampicin (150mg) + Ethambutol (275mg) + Pyrazinamide (400mg),",82.6,tuberculosis (tb)," Tuberculosis (TB),","MONITOR 4 TABLET,Mycurit 4 mg Tablet,Trac 4 Tablet,Coxcure 4 Tablet,Vicox 4 Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Rash,Fever,Dark colored urine,Sweating,Increased sputum production,Salivation,Watery eyes,Peripheral neuropathy (tingling and numbness of feet and hand),Increased liver enzymes,Jaundice,Increased uric acid level in blood,Visual impairment,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Akurit 4 Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
Avoid Akurit 4 Tablet with tyramine-rich food such as cheese, smoked fish, meats and some types of beer.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Akurit 4 Tablet is a combination of four medicines: Isoniazid, rifampicin, ethambutol and pyrazinamide which treat tuberculosis. Isoniazid works by preventing the TB bacteria from forming their own protective covering, while rifampicin inactivates a bacterial enzyme (RNA-polymerase) which is required by TB bacteria to make essential proteins and to reproduce. Together, they kill the bacteria and eradicate the infection. Ethambutol and pyrazinamide on the other hand, work by slowing the growth of these bacteria."
Aptimust Syrup,200 ml in 1 bottle,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Cyproheptadine (2mg/5ml) + Tricholine Citrate (275mg/5ml) + Sorbitol (2gm/5ml),",129.9,appetite stimulant,"Appetite stimulant,","Actizer Syrup,Pepcip Syrup,Cycoline Syrup,Yopon  Syrup,Oditril Syrup,","Constipation,Dryness in mouth,Drowsiness,Sleepiness,Blurred vision,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Aptimust Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",VITAMINS MINERALS NUTRIENTS,"Aptimust Syrup is a combination of three medicines: Cyproheptadine, tricholine citrate and sorbitol, which revives appetite. Cyproheptadine is an appetite-stimulant. It works by reducing the effect of a chemical messenger (serotonin) in the hypothalamus, a part of the brain which regulates appetite. Tricholine citrate is a bile acid binding agent which removes bile acids from the body. The liver then produces more bile acids using cholesterol, as a result of which cholesterol level is lowered. Sorbitol acts as a syrup base and also as an osmotic laxative to relieve constipation."
Acemiz Plus Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Lupin Ltd,"Aceclofenac (100mg) + Paracetamol (325mg),",99.5,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Dolostat PC 100 mg/325 mg Tablet,Topnac P Tablet,Arflur-P Tablet,XREL Tablet,Willgo P Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Loss of appetite,Heartburn,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Acemiz Plus Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Acemiz Plus Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Aceclofenac and Paracetamol. These medicines work by blocking the action of chemical messengers responsible for pain, fever and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Amitone 10mg Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Amitriptyline (10mg),",17.29,"depression,neuropathic pain, migraine"," Depression,Neuropathic pain, Migraine,","Amitar 10mg Tablet,Xenotrip 10mg Tablet,Triplent 10mg Tablet,Amitreat 10mg Tablet,Amitop 10 Tablet,","Constipation,Dryness in mouth,Orthostatic hypotension (sudden lowering of blood pressure on standing),Increased heart rate,Weight gain,Aggressive behavior,Nasal congestion (stuffy nose),Sleepiness,Sweating,Dizziness,Headache,Nausea,Tremors,Speech disorder,Accomodation disorder,Palpitations,Difficulty in paying attention,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Amitone 10mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Amitone 10mg Tablet contains Amitriptyline, a tricyclic antidepressant. It has anticholinergic and sedative properties. It prevents the reuptake, and hence the inactivation of neurotransmitters called noradrenaline and serotonin, that are present at the nerve terminals in our brain. Reuptake prevention of these monoamine neurotransmitters potentiate their action in the brain. This appears to be associated with the antidepressant activity and helps in regulating the mood. It also stops the transmission of pain signals from nerves to the brain thereby relieving neuropathic pain (pain from damaged nerves)."
AB Phylline Capsule,10 capsules in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Acebrophylline (100mg),",148.2,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd),"Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","Acegrow 100mg Capsule,Furtlyn 100mg Capsule,Phylin A 100mg Capsule,Ambrodil-XP Capsule,Oxybro 100 Capsule,","Nausea,Headache,Vomiting,Upset stomach,Restlessness,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. AB Phylline Capsule is to be taken with food.,RESPIRATORY,"AB Phylline Capsule is a mucolytic and bronchodilator. It works by relaxing the muscles of the airways and also thins and loosens mucus, making it easier to breathe."
Alex Junior Syrup,60 ml in 1 bottle,Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Chlorpheniramine Maleate (2mg/5ml) + Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide (5mg/5ml),",87.0,dry cough," Dry cough,","Rizet DX Jr Syrup Kiwi,Irinil D Syrup,Dexgen Syrup,Abrotus DX Junior Syrup,Cozymin-DX Junior Syrup,","Upset stomach,Sleepiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Alex Junior Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Alex Junior Syrup is a combination of two medicines: Chlorpheniramine Maleate and Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide, which relieves dry cough. Chlorpheniramine Maleate is an antiallergic which helps reduce cough associated with allergies by blocking the effects of a chemical messenger, histamine. Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide is a cough suppressant which relieves cough by reducing the activity of cough center in the brain."
Aceclo Plus Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Aristo Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Aceclofenac (100mg) + Paracetamol (325mg),",83.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Dolostat PC 100 mg/325 mg Tablet,Topnac P Tablet,Arflur-P Tablet,XREL Tablet,Willgo P Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Loss of appetite,Heartburn,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Aceclo Plus Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Aceclo Plus Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Aceclofenac and Paracetamol. These medicines work by blocking the action of chemical messengers responsible for pain, fever and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Amixide-H Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Amitriptyline (12.5mg) + Chlordiazepoxide (5mg),",46.5,depression," Depression,","Trixide-H Tablet,Emotrip 12.5 mg/5 mg Tablet,Aculip H 12.5mg/5mg Tablet,Kimitrip 12.5mg/5mg Tablet,Trixide 12.5 mg/5 mg Tablet,","Constipation,Difficulty in urination,Weight gain,Confusion,Orthostatic hypotension (sudden lowering of blood pressure on standing),Tiredness,Blurred vision,Dryness in mouth,Increased heart rate,Uncoordinated body movements,Depression,Memory impairment,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Amixide-H Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Amixide-H Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Amitriptyline and Chlordiazepoxide, which treats depression. Amitriptyline is a tricyclic antidepressant which increases the levels of chemical messengers in the brain that help in regulating the mood and treat depression. Chlordiazepoxide is a benzodiazepine (BZD) which works by increasing the action of GABA, a chemical messenger which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain."
Anobliss Cream,30 gm in 1 tube,Samarth Life Sciences Pvt Ltd,"Lidocaine (1.5% w/w) + Nifedipine (0.3% w/w),",124.83,anal fissure," Anal fissure,","Nifedip LA  Cream,Anomed L Cream,Anozest Cream,Anorelief Cream,Nifecaine Cream,","Anal irritation,",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. ,PAIN ANALGESICS,Anobliss Cream is a combination of two medicines: Lidocaine and Nifedipine. Lidocaine is a local anesthetic. It works by blocking pain signals from the nerves to brain which decreases pain sensation. Nifedipine is a calcium channel blocker (CCB). It works in anal fissure by blocking the action of calcium on blood vessels of anus.
Avil Injection,10 ml in 1 vial,Sanofi India  Ltd,"Pheniramine (22.75mg),",19.14,allergic conditions," Allergic conditions,","Nicophen 22.75mg Injection,Eurovil 22.75mg Injection,Kayphen 22.75mg Injection,","Sleepiness,Dryness in mouth,",Your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine. Kindly do not self administer. ,RESPIRATORY,"Avil Injection is an antiallergic medication. It works by blocking the action of a chemical messenger (histamine). This relieves symptoms of severe allergic reactions due to insect bite/sting, certain medicines, hives (rashes, swelling etc)."
Althrocin 500 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Alembic Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Erythromycin (500mg),",100.7,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Erythromycin Estol 500mg Tablet,Eryster 500mg Tablet,Eltocin 500mg Tablet,Erytho 500mg Tablet,Elucin 500mg Tablet,","Vomiting,Nausea,Abdominal pain,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Althrocin 500 Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Althrocin 500 Tablet is an antibiotic. It works by preventing synthesis of essential proteins required by bacteria to carry out vital functions. Thus, it stops the bacteria from growing, and prevents the infection from spreading."
Azee 200mg Dry Syrup,15 ml in 1 bottle,Cipla Ltd,"Azithromycin (200mg/5ml),",47.23,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Azimax 200 Dry Syrup,Azax 200 Suspension,Azithral 200 Liquid,Pratham 200 Rediuse Oral Suspension,Aziwok 200 Liquid Mango,","Vomiting,Nausea,Abdominal pain,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Azee 200mg Dry Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Azee 200mg Dry Syrup is an antibiotic. It works by interfering with the synthesis of essential proteins required by bacteria to perform important functions. By doing so, it stops the infection-causing bacteria from growing further and prevents the infection from spreading."
Aquasol A Capsule,30 capsules in 1 bottle,USV Ltd,"Vitamin A (25000IU),",27.0,vitamin a deficiency," Vitamin A deficiency,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"No common side effects seen,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Aquasol A Capsule is to be taken with food.,VITAMINS MINERALS NUTRIENTS,"Aquasol A Capsule contains vitamin A which is a nutritional supplement. It acts directly on the biosynthesis of various proteins, including those involved in regulation of various cell functions or in determination of cell sensitivity to hormones and hormone-like factors. It is important for growth and development, for the maintenance of the immune system, and for good vision."
Adaferin Gel,15 gm in 1 tube,Galderma India Pvt Ltd,"Adapalene (0.1% w/w),",284.0,acne,"Acne,","Alene Gel,Difra Gel,Adaple 0.1% Gel,Acfree Gel,Vandep 0.1% Gel,","Erythema (skin redness),Dry skin,Skin peeling,Skin burn,Itching,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the gel. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,Adaferin Gel is a form of vitamin A which treats acne (pimples). It works by preventing accumulation of the sebum (skin’s natural oil) which unblocks the pores and allows natural exfoliation of the outer layers of skin.
Dolo 650 Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Micro Labs Ltd,"Paracetamol (650mg),",30.91,"pain relief, fever","Pain relief, Fever,","Algina 650 Tablet,Paragreat 650mg Tablet,Parawel 650mg Tablet,Recofast 650mg Tablet,Calpol 650mg Tablet,","Stomach pain,Nausea,Vomiting,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Dolo 650 Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Dolo 650 Tablet is an analgesic (pain reliever) and anti-pyretic (fever reducer). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and fever.
Doxinate Tablet,30 tablets in 1 strip,Maneesh Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Doxylamine (10mg) + Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine) (10mg),",208.35,nausea and vomiting in pregnancy," Nausea and vomiting in pregnancy,","Omnidox 10mg/10mg Tablet,Gomo Tablet,Doxyla B6 10mg/10mg Tablet,Vomilast-New Tablet,Rest Aid Tablet,","Dryness in mouth,Constipation,Lightheadedness,Drowsiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Doxinate Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Doxinate Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Doxylamine and vitamin B6 (pyridoxine), which treats nausea and vomiting associated with pregnancy. Doxylamine is an antihistamine which works by blocking the action of a chemical messenger (histamine), thereby controlling nausea, vomiting, and dizziness. Pyridoxine (vitamin B6) is a form of vitamin B which possesses anti-nausea properties."
Dexona Tablet,strip of 20 tablets,Zydus Cadila,"Dexamethasone (0.5mg),",3.94,"inflammatory conditions, autoimmune conditions"," Inflammatory conditions, Autoimmune conditions,","Dexagee 0.5mg Tablet,Eurodex 0.5mg Tablet,Dexalide 0.5mg Tablet,Dexahim 0.5mg Tablet,Decdan 0.5mg Tablet,","Cardiovascular complications,Metabolic disorder,Infection,Hiccup,Decreased sperm count,Cushing syndrome,Electrolyte imbalance,Musculoskeletal (bone, muscle or joint) pain,Gastrointestinal disorder,Skin disorder,Neurological disorder,Menstrual disorder,Abnormal hair growth,Glaucoma,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Dexona Tablet is to be taken with food.",HORMONES,Dexona Tablet is a steroid which works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers in the body that cause inflammation (redness and swelling) and allergies.
Drotin-M Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Walter Bushnell,"Drotaverine (80mg) + Mefenamic Acid (250mg),",193.69,abdominal pain," Abdominal pain,","Drofem Tablet,Sardrot M 80mg/250mg Tablet,Dotix M 80mg/250mg Tablet,Tavera M Tablet,Kdilgo 80mg/250mg Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Diarrhea,Stomach pain,Loss of appetite,Dryness in mouth,Feeling thirsty,Heartburn,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Drotin-M Tablet is to be taken with food.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Drotin-M Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Drotaverine and Mefenamic Acid, which relieves abdominal pain and cramps. Drotaverine is an anti-spasmodic medicine which relieves contractions (spasms) associated with smooth muscles in the abdomen. Mefenamic Acid is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause abdominal pain and inflammation (swelling)."
Defcort 6 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Macleods Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Deflazacort (6mg),",124.0,"inflammatory conditions, autoimmune conditions, cancer"," Inflammatory conditions, Autoimmune conditions, Cancer,","Defstead 6mg Tablet,Ronicort 6mg Tablet,Mahacort DZ 6 Tablet,Cortiza 6mg Tablet,DFZ 6 Tablet,","Increased appetite,Weight gain,Frequent urge to urinate,Cushing syndrome,Cough,Upper respiratory tract infection,Abnormal hair growth,Obesity,Nasopharyngitis (inflammation of the throat and nasal passages),","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Defcort 6 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.Avoid Defcort 6 Tablet with salad and vegetable diet.",HORMONES,Defcort 6 Tablet is a corticosteroid. It increases the level of glucocorticoid in the body and works by decreasing the formation of substances that cause inflammation and suppresses immunity to stop self damage to the body by the immune system (auto-immune reactions occurring in organ transplants or cancer).
Dolonex DT 20mg Tablet,15 tablet dt in 1 strip,Pfizer Ltd,"Piroxicam (20mg),",196.22,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Mizocam Tablet DT,Piodexa-DT Tablet,Mobicam 20mg Tablet DT,Nixcam 20mg Tablet DT,Paxifen 20mg Tablet DT,","Vomiting,Stomach pain,Nausea,Headache,Dizziness,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Dissolve it in a glass of water before taking it. Dolonex DT 20mg Tablet is to be taken with food.,PAIN ANALGESICS,Dolonex DT 20mg Tablet is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that are responsible for inflammation (pain and swelling).
Duphalac Oral Solution Lemon,450 ml in 1 bottle,Abbott,"Lactulose (3.335gm/5ml),",517.78,"constipation, hepatic encephalopathy"," Constipation, Hepatic encephalopathy,","Lacturite Oral Solution,Duphatis Syrup,Esivac Oral Solution,Laxit L Oral Solution,","Abdominal pain,Nausea,Vomiting,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Duphalac Oral Solution Lemon may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Duphalac Oral Solution Lemon works by drawing water into the intestine through osmosis, which makes the stool soft and easier to pass."
Drotin DS Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Walter Bushnell,"Drotaverine (80mg),",185.5,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Droziver 80mg Tablet,Drotavol 80mg Tablet,Idrov 80mg Tablet,Amuscar 80mg Tablet,Drotwan 80mg Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Dryness in mouth,Vertigo,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Drotin DS Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,Drotin DS Tablet is an anti-spasmodic medicine which relieves contractions (spasms) associated with smooth muscles in the abdomen.
Drotin Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Walter Bushnell,"Drotaverine (40mg),",59.32,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Drot 40mg Tablet,Drotavin 40mg Tablet,Din 40mg Tablet,Zefotin 40mg Tablet,Doverin 40 Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Dryness in mouth,Vertigo,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Drotin Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,Drotin Tablet is an anti-spasmodic medicine which relieves contractions (spasms) associated with smooth muscles in the abdomen.
Deriphyllin Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Zydus Cadila,"Etofylline (77mg) + Theophylline (23mg),",4.7,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd)," Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","Zeriphylline Tablet,Agrophyllin 77mg/23mg Tablet,Graphyllin Tablet,Euroder 77mg/23mg Tablet,Dericip 77mg/23mg Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Headache,Restlessness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Deriphyllin Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
Avoid Deriphyllin Tablet with caffeine and chocolate as well as food containing caffeine and chocolate such as tea leaves, cocoa beans.",RESPIRATORY,Deriphyllin Tablet is a combination of two bronchodilators: Etofylline and Theophylline. They work by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widen the airways. This makes breathing easier.
Duolin 3 Respules 3ml,5 respules in 1 packet,Cipla Ltd,"Levosalbutamol (1.25mg) + Ipratropium (500mcg),",103.1,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd)," Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","D-Mist Respules 2ml,Duojet 1.25mg/500mcg Respules,Duopules 1.25mg/500mcg Respules,Iprazest Respules,Lezato IL 1.25mg/500mcg Respules 2ml,","Dryness in mouth,Breathlessness,Cough,Tremors,Headache,Palpitations,Muscle cramp,",Use this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Twist off the top of the respule/transpule and squeeze all the liquid into the nebulizer. It should be used right away after opening. ,RESPIRATORY,"Duolin 3 Respules 3ml is a combination of two medicines: Levosalbutamol and Ipratropium. Levosalbutamol is a bronchodilator while Ipratropium is an anticholinergic. They work by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widen the airways. Together, they make breathing easier."
Doxt-SL Capsule,10 capsules in 1 strip,Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd,"Doxycycline (100mg) + Lactobacillus (5Billion Spores),",100.0,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Lenteclin LB 100mg Capsule,Revidox-LB Capsule,Microdox-LBX Capsule,Doxiwe LN 100mg Capsule,Nixidox Capsule,","Diarrhea,Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain,Photosensitivity,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Doxt-SL Capsule may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Doxt-SL Capsule is a combination of two medicines: Doxycycline and Lactobacillus. Doxycycline is an antibiotic which stops bacterial growth by preventing the synthesis of essential proteins required by the bacteria to carry out vital functions. Lactobacillus is a live microorganism which restores the balance of good bacteria in the intestine that may get upset with antibiotic use or due to intestinal infections.
Dynapar AQ Injection 1ml,1 ml in 1 vial,Troikaa Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Diclofenac (75mg),",33.46,pain relief,"Pain relief,","NAC -AQ Injection,Vivian 75mg Injection,Vivian Plus 75mg Injection,Lysoflam AQ 75mg Injection,Justin AQ 75mg Injection,","Limb pain,Injection site reactions (pain, swelling, redness),Edema (swelling),Nausea,Headache,Dizziness,Vomiting,Itching,Flatulence,Indigestion,Pain in extremities,",Your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine. Kindly do not self administer. ,PAIN ANALGESICS,Dynapar AQ Injection 1ml is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling).
Domstal 10mg Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Domperidone (10mg),",28.8,"indigestion, nausea, vomiting"," Indigestion, Nausea, Vomiting,","Domipen 10mg Tablet,Domped 10mg Tablet,Domone Tablet,Motilium M Tablet,Gastractiv 10mg Tablet,","Headache,Dryness in mouth,Stomach pain,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Domstal 10mg Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Domstal 10mg Tablet is a prokinetic. It works on the region in the brain that controls vomiting. It also acts on the upper digestive tract to increase the movement of the stomach and intestines, allowing food to move more easily through the stomach."
Diamox Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Acetazolamide (250mg),",57.68,glaucoma,"Glaucoma,","Acemax 250mg Tablet,Opt Tablet,ACTAMIDE 250MG TABLET,Zac 250mg Tablet,Actazid 250mg Tablet,","Headache,Dizziness,Tiredness,Frequent urge to urinate,Tingling sensation of extremity,Numbness of extremity,Loss of appetite,Excitement,Feeling sick,Diarrhea,Taste change,Flushing (sense of warmth in the face, ears, neck and trunk),","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Diamox Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",OPHTHAL,"Diamox Tablet is a carbonic anhydrase inhibitor. It works in glaucoma by decreasing the production of aqueous humour (fluid in the eye), thereby lowering the increased eye pressure."
Deca-Durabolin 50 Injection,1 ml in 1 ampoule,Organon (India) Ltd,"Nandrolone Decanoate (50mg),",383.4,post menopausal osteoporosis," Post menopausal osteoporosis,","Raptic 50 Injection,Sensinorm 50mg Injection,Decdol 50mg Injection,Deca Ndr 50mg Injection,Leodec 50mg Injection,","Edema (swelling),Nausea,Breast enlargement,Acne,",Your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine. Kindly do not self administer. ,HORMONES,Deca-Durabolin 50 Injection is an anabolic steroid which mimics the effect of male hormone (testosterone). It works by strengthening the bones which become thin and fragile due to osteoporosis.
Duonase Nasal Spray,7 gm in 1 packet,Cipla Ltd,"Fluticasone Propionate (50mcg) + Azelastine (140mcg),",441.91,sneezing and runny nose due to allergies," Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies,","Sarnase 50 mcg/140 mcg Nasal Spray,Sernase Nasal Spray,Duospray Nasal Spray,Armist Nasal Spray,Lergiset-AF Nasal Spray,","Taste change,Headache,Nosebleeds,","Use this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Insert the bottle tip into one nostril and close the other nostril. Direct the spray towards the sides of your nostril, away from the cartilage dividing the two sides of your nose. As you spray, breath gently and keep the head upright. Repeat the same process for the other nostrils. ",RESPIRATORY,"Duonase Nasal Spray is a combination of two medicines: Fluticasone Propionate and Azelastine, which relieves sneezing and runny nose caused due to allergies (allergic rhinitis). Fluticasone Propionate is a steroid which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause inflammation (swelling) and irritation in the nose. Azelastine is an antiallergic which relieves allergy symptoms like runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing."
Dalacin C 300mg Capsule,10 capsules in 1 strip,Pfizer Ltd,"Clindamycin (300mg),",242.64,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Sungmycin 300mg Capsule,Comclin 300mg Capsule,Dalcihit 300mg Capsule,Cliza 300mg Capsule,Clindatec 300mg Capsule,","Stomach pain,Nausea,Vomiting,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Dalacin C 300mg Capsule may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Dalacin C 300mg Capsule is an antibiotic. It works by preventing synthesis of essential proteins required by bacteria to carry out vital functions. Thus, it stops the bacteria from growing, and prevents the infection from spreading."
Deriphyllin Retard 150  Tablet PR,30 Tablet pr in 1 strip,Zydus Cadila,"Etofylline (115mg) + Theophylline (35mg),",30.58,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd)," Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Nausea,Vomiting,Headache,Restlessness,","Use it as advised by your doctor or check the label for directions before use.  Deriphyllin Retard 150  Tablet PR is to be taken empty stomach.
Avoid Deriphyllin Retard 150  Tablet PR with caffeine and chocolate as well as food containing caffeine and chocolate such as tea leaves, cocoa beans.",RESPIRATORY,Deriphyllin Retard 150  Tablet PR is a combination of two bronchodilators: Etofylline and Theophylline. They work by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widen the airways. This makes breathing easier.
Dulcolax Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Boehringer Ingelheim,"Bisacodyl (5mg),",10.19,constipation," Constipation,","Laxidyl Tablet,Bisomer 5mg Tablet,Swilax 5mg Tablet,BO Lax 5mg Tablet,Lupiplax Tablet,","Vomiting,Bloating,Nausea,Stomach cramp,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Dulcolax Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Dulcolax Tablet is a laxative. It works by increasing the movement of the intestines, thereby facilitating the passage of stool. It also helps clean out the intestines prior to medical procedures or examinations."
Dynapar Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Troikaa Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Diclofenac (50mg) + Paracetamol (325mg),",70.9,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Diclowin Plus Tablet,Dolojust 50mg/325mg Tablet,Paraross-D-Plus Tablet,Reactin Plus Tablet,Maxrel Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Heartburn,Diarrhea,Loss of appetite,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Dynapar Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Dynapar Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Diclofenac and Paracetamol. These medicines work by blocking the action of chemical messengers responsible for pain, fever and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Baclof 10 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Baclofen (10mg),",113.19,muscle relaxation,"Muscle relaxation,","Bacrite 10 Tablet,Bacloheal 10mg Tablet,Superfen-BL Tablet,Bacloren 10mg Tablet,Bizlo Tablet,","Fatigue,Weakness,Drowsiness,Dizziness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Baclof 10 Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Baclof 10 Tablet is a muscle relaxant. It works on the brain and spinal cord to relieve muscle stiffness or spasm maintaining the strength of the muscles. This relieves pain and improves movement of muscles.
Bilasure 20 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Bilastine (20mg),",127.0,allergic conditions," Allergic conditions,","Bilacalm Tablet,Bilachek Tablet,Antegy Tablet,Bilasoft Tablet,Bilacad Tablet,","Headache,Drowsiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Bilasure 20 Tablet is to be taken with food.",RESPIRATORY,"Bilasure 20 Tablet is an antiallergic medication. It treats allergy symptoms such as such as itching, swelling, and rashes by blocking the effects of a chemical messenger (histamine) in the body."
Betamil GM Cream,25 gm in 1 tube,Merck Ltd,"Betamethasone (0.05% w/w) + Gentamicin (0.1% w/w) + Miconazole (2% w/w),",36.2,skin infections," Skin infections,","Betzee - GM Cream,Stemin gm Cream,Cortiderm GM Cream,Lupiderm GM Cream,TAF GM Cream,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),Thinning of skin,Skin peeling,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Betamil GM Cream is a combination of three medicines: Betamethasone, Gentamicin and Miconazole, which treats skin infections. Betamethasone is a steroid which blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Gentamicin is an antibiotic which stops the growth of bacteria while Miconazole is an antifungal which stops the growth of fungi on the skin. Together, they treat your skin infection effectively."
Brakke Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Franco-Indian Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Ofloxacin (200mg) + Ornidazole (500mg),",150.5,bacterial & parasitic infections," Bacterial & parasitic infections,","Horn O 200mg/500mg Tablet,Zorno Tablet,Normet Tablet,Oflotas-OZ Tablet,Ornof Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Loss of appetite,Dizziness,Headache,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Brakke Tablet is to be taken with food.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Brakke Tablet is a combination of two antibiotics: Ofloxacin and Ornidazole. Ofloxacin works by preventing the bacterial cells from dividing and repairing, thereby killing the bacteria. Ornidazole kills parasites and anaerobic bacteria that cause infections by damaging their DNA. Together, they treat your infection effectively."
Brevipil 50 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Brivaracetam (50mg),",161.0,epilepsy/seizures,"Epilepsy/Seizures,","Briv + 50mg Tablet,Bripca 50mg Tablet,Brinda 50 Tablet,Brivapride 50mg Tablet,Brivazen 50 Tablet,","Dizziness,Nausea,Sleepiness,Vomiting,Irritation,Behavioral changes,Headache,Agitation,Aggressive behavior,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Brevipil 50 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Brevipil 50 Tablet is an antiepileptic medication. It works by attaching itself to specific sites (SV2A) on the surfaces of nerve cells. This suppresses the abnormal activity of the nerve cells in the brain and prevents the spread of electrical signals that cause seizures.
Budecort 200 Inhaler,200 MDI in 1 packet,Cipla Ltd,"Budesonide (200mcg),",396.48,asthma,"Asthma,","Solbihale B 200mcg Inhaler,Budez 200mcg Inhaler,Pulmicort 200mcg Inhaler,Breemax 200mcg Inhaler,Derinide 200 Inhaler CFC Free,","Difficulty in swallowing,Fungal infection of mouth,Fungal infection of oropharynx,Headache,Abdominal pain,Depression,Joint pain,Cushing syndrome,Dyspepsia,Increased risk of infection,Muscle pain,Muscle weakness,Muscle twitching,Osteoporosis,Irritability,Euphoria (feeling of intense excitement and happiness),","Check the label for directions before use. Shake the inhaler. While you are breathing in from mouth, press down on the inhaler one time to release the medication and hold your breath for 10 seconds. Repeat until you have inhaled the number of puffs as suggested by the doctor.Afterwards, rinse your mouth thoroughly with water and spit it out.",RESPIRATORY,Budecort 200 Inhaler is a steroid. It prevents the cells in the lungs and breathing passages from releasing chemical messengers that cause inflammation (swelling) of the airways. This widens the airways and makes breathing easier.
Brutaflam-MR 4 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Etoricoxib (60mg) + Thiocolchicoside (4mg),",185.0,pain due to muscle spasm," Pain due to muscle spasm,","Etos MR Tablet,Etoxtan MR 60mg/4mg Tablet,Thioquest ET 4 Tablet,Witori MR Tablet,Axces TH Tablet,","Diarrhea,Stomach pain,Indigestion,Flatulence,Swelling of hands,Feet swelling,Flu-like symptoms,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Brutaflam-MR 4 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Brutaflam-MR 4 Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Etoricoxib and Thiocolchicoside, which relieves pain and relaxes the muscles. Etoricoxib is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling). Thiocolchicoside is a muscle relaxant. It works on the centers in the brain and spinal cord to relieve muscle stiffness or spasm and to improve pain and movement of muscles."
Brozeet-LS Syrup,100 ml in 1 bottle,Alembic Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Ambroxol (15mg) + Levosalbutamol (0.5mg) + Guaifenesin (50mg),",114.5,cough with mucus," Cough with mucus,","Notus LS Syrup,Tussalyte LS Syrup,Ventryl LS Syrup,Ventryl LS Syrup,Spirovent Plus Kid Syrup,","Nausea,Vomiting,Diarrhea,Upset stomach,Stomach pain,Allergic reaction,Dizziness,Headache,Rash,Hives,Tremors,Palpitations,Muscle cramp,Increased heart rate,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Brozeet-LS Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Brozeet-LS Syrup is a combination of three medicines: Ambroxol, Levosalbutamol and Guaifenesin, which relieves cough with mucus. Ambroxol is a mucolytic which thins and loosens mucus (phlegm), making it easier to cough out. Levosalbutamol is a bronchodilator. It works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens airways. Guaifenesin is an expectorant which decreases the stickiness of mucus (phlegm) and helps in its removal from the airways. Together, they make breathing easier."
Budamate 200 Transhaler,120 MDI in 1 packet,Lupin Ltd,"Formoterol (6mcg) + Budesonide (200mcg),",317.21,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd)," Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Cough,Fungal infection of mouth,Headache,Hoarseness of voice,Increased heart rate,Musculoskeletal (bone, muscle or joint) pain,Nausea,Respiratory tract infection,Sore throat,Vomiting,","Check the label for directions before use. Shake the inhaler. While you are breathing in from mouth, press down on the inhaler one time to release the medication and hold your breath for 10 seconds. Repeat until you have inhaled the number of puffs as suggested by the doctor.Afterwards, rinse your mouth thoroughly with water and spit it out.",RESPIRATORY,"Budamate 200 Transhaler is a combination of two medicines: Formoterol and Budesonide. Formoterol is a long-acting bronchodilator which works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens the airways. Budesonide is a steroid. It works by stopping the release of certain chemical messengers that cause inflammation (swelling) of the airways. Together, they make breathing easier."
Broclear Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Acebrophylline (100mg) + Acetylcysteine (600mg),",209.0,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd)," Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","Asthagrip-N Tablet,Abiways Tablet,Acebull A Tablet,Mucinac AB Tablet,Effenac AB Tablet,","Vomiting,Heartburn,Stomach pain,Upset stomach,Rash,Hives,Itching,Breathing problems,Nasal inflammation,Increased white blood cell count,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Broclear Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Broclear Tablet is a combination of two medicines : Acebrophylline and Acetylcysteine. Acebrophylline is a mucolytic and bronchodilator. It works by relaxing the muscles of the airways and also thins and loosens mucus, making it easier to breathe. Acetylcysteine is a mucolytic medication. It thins and loosens mucus (phlegm) making it easier to cough out."
Bendex 400 Tablet,1 Tablet in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Albendazole (400mg),",8.59,parasitic infections," Parasitic infections,","Sezole 400mg Tablet,Zeebee Tablet,Abd 400mg Tablet,Zybend Tablet,Alone 400mg Tablet,","Vomiting,Dizziness,Increased liver enzymes,Nausea,Loss of appetite,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Bendex 400 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Bendex 400 Tablet is an antiparasitic medication. It works by keeping the worms from absorbing sugar (glucose), thereby depleting their energy level. This causes the worms to die and treats your infection."
Betadine 10% Ointment,20 gm in 1 tube,Win-Medicare Pvt Ltd,"Povidone Iodine (10% w/w),",116.92,treatment and prevention of wound infection,"Treatment and prevention of Wound infection,","Eradine Ointment,Healodine 10% Ointment,Sysdine 10% Ointment,Povipil Ointment,Povidot 10% Ointment,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and gently massage the ointment. ,OPHTHAL OTOLOGICALS,"Betadine 10% Ointment is an antiseptic applied on skin, which is infected or is likely to get infected. It works by slowly releasing iodine which kills or prevents the growth of infectious microorganisms."
Betnesol Oral Drops,15 ml in 1 packet,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Betamethasone (0.5mg),",21.2,allergic conditions," Allergic conditions,","Becort Oral Drops,Densol Oral Drops,Alerkim Oral Drops,Benicort 0.5mg Oral Drops,Celestone 0.5mg Oral Drops,","Reduction in bone density,Upset stomach,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a marked dropper and take it as directed.  Betnesol Oral Drops may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.Avoid Betnesol Oral Drops with dietary sodium.",RESPIRATORY,Betnesol Oral Drops is a steroid which works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers in the body that cause inflammation (redness and swelling) and allergies.
Benalgis Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Franco-Indian Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Benfotiamine (100mg),",115.5,nutritional deficiencies," Nutritional deficiencies,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Skin rash,Stomach discomfort,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Benalgis Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",VITAMINS MINERALS NUTRIENTS,Benalgis Tablet provides essential nutrients.
Bandy-Plus 12 Tablet,1 Tablet in 1 strip,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Ivermectin  (12mg) +  Albendazole (400mg),",30.0,worm infections," Worm infections,","Albez I 12mg/400mg Tablet,Benben Plus 12mg/400mg Tablet,Benver-I 12mg/400mg Tablet,Neben Plus 12mg/400mg Tablet,Iverchem-A 12mg/400mg Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Diarrhea,Loss of appetite,Increased liver enzymes,Itching,Dizziness,Swelling of lymph nodes,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Bandy-Plus 12 Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Bandy-Plus 12 Tablet is a combination of two antiparasitic medicines: Ivermectin  and  Albendazole. Ivermectin  works by binding to muscle and nerve cells of worms causing their paralysis and death.  Albendazole works by keeping the worms from absorbing sugar (glucose), so that they lose energy and die. This treats your infection effectively."
Betnesol Forte Tablet,20 tablets in 1 strip,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Betamethasone (1mg),",21.3,allergic conditions," Allergic conditions,","Betsone 1mg Tablet,Neobet Forte  1mg Tablet,Solubet 1mg Tablet,Betamine Forte Tablet,Betasone Forte 1mg Tablet,","Reduction in bone density,Upset stomach,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Betnesol Forte Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.Avoid Betnesol Forte Tablet with dietary sodium.",RESPIRATORY,Betnesol Forte Tablet is a steroid which works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers in the body that cause inflammation (redness and swelling) and allergies.
Bupron XL 150 Tablet,10 tablet mr in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Bupropion (150mg),",163.0,"depression,smoking addiction","Depression,Smoking addiction,","Buxon XL 150 Tablet,","Insomnia (difficulty in sleeping),Allergic reaction,Impaired concentration,Sweating,Headache,Nausea,Vomiting,Dizziness,Dryness in mouth,Taste change,Abdominal pain,Agitation,Anxiety,Fever,Constipation,Tremors,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Bupron XL 150 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Bupron XL 150 Tablet works in depression by increasing the levels of chemical messengers in the brain that helps in regulating mood.
The mechanism underlying its use in smoking addiction are not fully understood."
Burnheal Cream,15 gm in 1 tube,Cipla Ltd,"Chlorhexidine Gluconate (0.20% w/w) + Silver Nitrate (0.20% w/w),",81.95,burns," Burns,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Itching,Irritation,Burning sensation at the site of application,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Burnheal Cream is a combination of two antiseptic medicines: Chlorhexidine Gluconate and Silver Nitrate. Chlorhexidine Gluconate works by binding strongly with skin and killing infectious microorganisms. Hence, it effectively cleans out wounds and burns to prevent them from getting infected. Silver Nitrate stops bacteria from producing folic acid, a nutrient required for bacterial multiplication. This kills the bacteria and treats skin infection due to burns."
Betnesol-N Eye/Ear Drops,5 ml in 1 packet,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Betamethasone (0.1% w/v) + Neomycin (0.5% w/v),",18.2,bacterial eye / ear infections," Bacterial eye / ear infections,","Benicort N Eye/Ear Drops,Beta N Eye/Ear Drops,Betaeno Eye/Ear Drops,Betawin N Eye/Ear Drops,Betasone N Eye/Ear Drops,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),",This medicine is for external use only.Take it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Hold the dropper close to the eye/ear without touching it. Gently squeeze the dropper and place the medicine inside the lower eyelid or ear. Wipe off extra liquid.  ,OPHTHAL OTOLOGICALS,"Betnesol-N Eye/Ear Drops is a combination of two medicines: Betamethasone and Neomycin. Betamethasone is a steroid which blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the eye/ear red, swollen and itchy. Neomycin is an antibiotic. It stops bacterial growth in the eye/ear by preventing the synthesis of essential proteins required by bacteria to carry out vital functions."
Bilashine Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Bilastine (20mg),",127.0,allergic conditions," Allergic conditions,","Bilacalm Tablet,Bilachek Tablet,Antegy Tablet,Bilacad Tablet,Bilasoft Tablet,","Headache,Drowsiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Bilashine Tablet is to be taken with food.",RESPIRATORY,"Bilashine Tablet is an antiallergic medication. It treats allergy symptoms such as such as itching, swelling, and rashes by blocking the effects of a chemical messenger (histamine) in the body."
Brite Cream,20 gm in 1 tube,Wallace Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Hydroquinone (4% w/w),",123.0,melasma,"Melasma,","Zestoquine Forte Cream,Kolite Forte Cream,Reetor Cream,Hypig Cream,Sure Glow Cream,","Erythema (skin redness),Dry skin,Skin burn,Skin peeling,Itching,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Brite Cream is a skin lightening medication. It works by reducing the amount of a pigment (melanin) that causes darkening of skin. It does so by suppressing the activity of tyrosinase, the enzyme required to make melanin."
Bilambic M 20mg/10mg Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Alembic Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Bilastine (20mg) + Montelukast (10mg),",98.55,allergic conditions," Allergic conditions,","Belatin-M Tablet,Montemac BL 20mg/10mg Tablet,Bilacad M Tablet,Maxstine M 20mg/10mg Tablet,Bilajoy-M Tablet,","Limited data available,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Bilambic M 20mg/10mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Bilambic M 20mg/10mg Tablet is a combination of two medicines : Bilastine and Montelukast. Bilastine is an anti-allergic medication. It treats allergy symptoms such as itching, swelling, and rashes by blocking the effects of a chemical messenger (histamine) in the body. Montelukast works by blocking the action of leukotriene, a chemical messenger. This reduces inflammation in the airways to prevent asthma and relieve symptoms of allergies."
Benizep Capsule SR,strip of 10 capsule sr,La Renon Healthcare Pvt Ltd,"Mebeverine (135mg) + Chlordiazepoxide (5mg),",149.0,irritable bowel syndrome,"Irritable bowel syndrome,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Sleepiness,Drowsiness,Fatigue,Confusion,Uncoordinated body movements,Abnormality of voluntary movements,Skin rash,Slurred speech,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Benizep Capsule SR is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,Benizep Capsule SR is a combination of two medicines: Mebeverine and Chlordiazepoxide. Mebeverine is an antispasmodic medicine which relaxes the muscles of the intestine and relieves spasm. Chlordiazepoxide is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Betavert 16 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Betahistine (16mg),",155.0,meniere's disease," Meniere's disease,","Vertiford 16mg Tablet,Medohist 16mg Tablet,Verfree 16 Tablet,Betahub 16mg Tablet,Ronyvert 16 Tablet,","Headache,Indigestion,Nausea,Stomach pain,Bloating,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Betavert 16 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Betavert 16 Tablet is a histamine analog. It works by improving the blood flow in the inner ear which reduces the pressure of excess fluid there. Excess fluid can send signals to the brain causing nausea, dizziness or spinning sensations (symptoms of  Ménière's disease). Betavert 16 Tablet additionally dampens down the nerve signals sent from the inner ear to the brain relieving the symptoms of Ménière's disease."
Benzac AC 2.5% Gel,30 gm in 1 tube,Galderma India Pvt Ltd,"Benzoyl Peroxide (2.5% w/w),",124.0,acne," Acne,","Benzpride 2.5% Gel,Cuzoyl 2.5% Gel,Pernex AC 2.5% Gel,Benzovib 2.5% Gel,Ronimide 2.5% Gel,","Dry skin,Erythema (skin redness),Itching,Burning sensation,Skin peeling,Stinging sensation,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the gel. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Benzac AC 2.5% Gel is an organic compound. It has a keratolytic property, i.e., it even out the uneven skin. When applied on acne, it releases oxygen which kills the bacteria. This is how it works to cure your acne."
Enzoflam Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Alkem Laboratories Ltd,"Diclofenac (50mg) + Paracetamol (325mg) + Serratiopeptidase (15mg),",139.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Dixer SP Tablet,Paraclo DS Tablet,Diclotrack-SP Tablet,Intenac-S Tablet,Dilcoss-SP Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain,Indigestion,Heartburn,Loss of appetite,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Enzoflam Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Enzoflam Tablet is a combination of three medicines: Diclofenac, Paracetamol and Serratiopeptidase, which relieves pain. Diclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and Paracetamol is an antipyretic (fever reducer). They work by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that cause pain and fever. Serratiopeptidase is an enzyme which works by breaking down abnormal proteins at the site of inflammation, and promotes healing."
Evion LC Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Merck Ltd,"Levo-carnitine (150mg) + Vitamin E (200mg),",51.8,muscle cramps," Muscle cramps,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"No common side effects seen,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Evion LC Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",VITAMINS MINERALS NUTRIENTS,Evion LC Tablet is a combination of two antioxidants: Levo-carnitine and Vitamin E. It works by preventing the formation of harmful free radicals in the muscles. This helps maintain the skeletal muscle function and relieves muscle cramps and pain.
Etoshine MR Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Etoricoxib (60mg) + Thiocolchicoside (4mg),",250.0,pain due to muscle spasm," Pain due to muscle spasm,","Etos MR Tablet,Etoxtan MR 60mg/4mg Tablet,Thioquest ET 4 Tablet,Brutaflam-MR 4 Tablet,Witori MR Tablet,","Diarrhea,Stomach pain,Indigestion,Flatulence,Swelling of hands,Feet swelling,Flu-like symptoms,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Etoshine MR Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Etoshine MR Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Etoricoxib and Thiocolchicoside, which relieves pain and relaxes the muscles. Etoricoxib is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling). Thiocolchicoside is a muscle relaxant. It works on the centers in the brain and spinal cord to relieve muscle stiffness or spasm and to improve pain and movement of muscles."
Enteroquinol 250mg Tablet,strip of 20 tablets,East India Pharmaceutical Works Ltd,"Quiniodochlor (250mg),",48.0,"worm infections, intestinal amoebiasis"," Worm infections, Intestinal amoebiasis,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Headache,Nausea,Vomiting,Abnormal liver function tests,Fever,Hair loss,Dizziness,Abdominal pain,Vertigo,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Enteroquinol 250mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Quiniodochlor belongs to the class of drugs called as intestinal amoebicides. It exerts its action by directly killing the trophozoites (adult parasite) responsible for production of cysts (infective form of parasite).
Emeset 4 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Ondansetron (4mg),",52.62,"nausea, vomiting"," Nausea, Vomiting,","Odean 4mg Tablet,Ondarox 4mg Tablet,Instaset ID 4mg Tablet,Hitch 4mg Tablet,Domi UP 4mg Tablet,","Constipation,Diarrhea,Fatigue,Headache,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Emeset 4 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,Emeset 4 Tablet is an antiemetic medication. It works by blocking the action of a chemical messenger (serotonin) in the brain that may cause nausea and vomiting during anti-cancer treatment (chemotherapy) or after surgery.
Etoshine 90 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Etoricoxib (90mg),",150.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Etos 90 Tablet,Intacoxia 90 Tablet,Etocox 90 Tablet,Etosaid 90 Tablet,Brutaflam 90mg Tablet,","Oral ulcer,Bronchospasm,Increased liver enzymes,Esophagitis,Stomach pain,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Etoshine 90 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Etoshine 90 Tablet is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) called COX-2 inhibitors. It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that are responsible for pain and inflammation (redness and swelling).
Etizola 0.5 Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Macleods Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Etizolam (0.5mg),",53.9,"short term anxiety, insomnia"," Short term anxiety, Insomnia,","Etilax 0.5mg Tablet,Etimed 0.5mg Tablet,Etizex 0.5mg Tablet,Etipax 0.5mg Tablet,Etisure 0.5mg Tablet,","Altered libido,Confusion,Depression,Drowsiness,Fainting,Headache,Muscle coordination impaired,Muscle weakness,Sedation,Slurred speech,Tremors,Visual impairment,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Etizola 0.5 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Etizola 0.5 Tablet is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Emanzen-D Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Emcure Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Diclofenac (50mg) + Serratiopeptidase (10mg),",191.85,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Bludec-SP Tablet,Serip Plus Tablet,Resolve DP Tablet,Diser Tablet,Exudolp Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Heartburn,Stomach pain,Indigestion,Diarrhea,Loss of appetite,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Emanzen-D Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Emanzen-D Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Diclofenac and Serratiopeptidase. Diclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling). Serratiopeptidase is an enzyme which works by breaking down abnormal proteins at the site of inflammation and promotes healing.
Emeset Syrup Juicy Lemon,30 ml in 1 bottle,Cipla Ltd,"Ondansetron (2mg/5ml),",37.72,"nausea,vomiting"," Nausea,Vomiting,","Ondai 2mg/5ml Syrup,Noem 2mg/5ml Syrup,Osent-MD 2mg/5ml Syrup,Vomicure Syrup,Amedil 2mg/5ml Syrup,","Constipation,Diarrhea,Fatigue,Headache,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Emeset Syrup Juicy Lemon may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"During radiotherapy, chemotherapy, abdominal infection, or any major surgeries, the dead cells in the body start releasing a chemical called serotonin directly into the blood. Later, this stimulates special centers in the body that are responsible for inducing vomiting in your child. Giving Emeset Syrup Juicy Lemon just before the procedure helps block the effect of this chemical on vomiting centers of the brain and prevents vomiting."
Eptoin Tablet,120 tablets in 1 bottle,Abbott,"Phenytoin (100mg),",209.16,treatment and prevention of epilepsy/seizures,"Treatment and prevention of Epilepsy/Seizures,","Phenyto S 100mg Tablet,Eptozen 100mg Tablet,Epsod 100mg Tablet,Fonita 100mg Tablet,M Toin 100mg Tablet,","Rash,Headache,Dizziness,Vomiting,Nausea,Slurred speech,Vertigo,Confusion,Nervousness,Constipation,Tremors,Altered walking,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Eptoin Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Eptoin Tablet is an antiepileptic medication. It controls seizures or fits by decreasing the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Etizola 0.25 Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Macleods Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Etizolam (0.25mg),",37.4,"short term anxiety, insomnia"," Short term anxiety, Insomnia,","Etipax 0.25mg Tablet,Etimed 0.25mg Tablet,Sylkam 0.25mg Tablet,Etinap 0.25mg Tablet,Etizep 0.25mg Tablet,","Altered libido,Confusion,Depression,Drowsiness,Fainting,Headache,Muscle coordination impaired,Muscle weakness,Sedation,Slurred speech,Tremors,Visual impairment,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Etizola 0.25 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Etizola 0.25 Tablet is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Econorm 250mg Capsule,strip of 5 capsules,Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd,"Saccharomyces boulardii (250mg),",221.0,diarrhea,"Diarrhea,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Bloating,Flatulence,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Econorm 250mg Capsule may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,Econorm 250mg Capsule is a probiotic. It works by restoring the balance of good bacteria in the intestine that may get upset after antibiotic use or due to intestinal infections.
Enzomac Plus Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Macleods Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Trypsin (48mg) + Bromelain (90mg) + Rutoside (100mg) + Diclofenac (50mg),",281.5,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Penetrat-D Tablet,Coevitenz  -D Tablet,Seradic-Plus Tablet,Inflachek-D Tablet,Flamar 3D Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Heartburn,Indigestion,Diarrhea,Loss of appetite,Stomach pain,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Enzomac Plus Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Enzomac Plus Tablet is a combination of four medicines: Trypsin, Bromelain, Rutoside and Diclofenac. Trypsin and Bromelain are enzymes. They increase blood supply and make the body produce substances that fight pain and swelling. Rutoside is an antioxidant which protects the body from damage by chemicals (free radicals) and further reduces swelling. Diclofenac is a non-steroidal antiinflammatory drug (NSAID) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) in the brain that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Enzar Forte  Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Pancreatin (170mg) + Sodium Tauroglycocholate (65mg),",148.95,indigestion," Indigestion,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Nausea,Constipation,Stomach pain,Bloating,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Enzar Forte  Tablet is to be taken with food.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,Enzar Forte  Tablet is a combination of two digestive enzymes: Pancreatin and Sodium Tauroglycocholate. They help in digestion of food.
Enzomac Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Macleods Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Bromelain (90mg) + Trypsin (48mg) + Rutoside (100mg),",205.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Edinase  Tablet,Chymomerg Tablet,Afdiflam Tablet,Enzofit Tablet,Jubiflam Tablet,","No common side effects seen,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Enzomac Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Enzomac Tablet is a combination of two enzymes (Bromelain, Trypsin), and an antioxidant (Rutoside).The enzymes work by increasing the blood supply to the affected area and help the body produce substances that fight pain and swelling. The antioxidant protects the body from damage by chemicals (free radicals) and further reduces swelling."
Eliwel 10mg Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Amitriptyline (10mg),",25.65,"depression,neuropathic pain, migraine"," Depression,Neuropathic pain, Migraine,","Amitone 10mg Tablet,Amitar 10mg Tablet,Xenotrip 10mg Tablet,Triplent 10mg Tablet,Amitreat 10mg Tablet,","Constipation,Dryness in mouth,Orthostatic hypotension (sudden lowering of blood pressure on standing),Increased heart rate,Weight gain,Aggressive behavior,Nasal congestion (stuffy nose),Sleepiness,Sweating,Dizziness,Headache,Nausea,Tremors,Speech disorder,Accomodation disorder,Palpitations,Difficulty in paying attention,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Eliwel 10mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Eliwel 10mg Tablet contains Amitriptyline, a tricyclic antidepressant. It has anticholinergic and sedative properties. It prevents the reuptake, and hence the inactivation of neurotransmitters called noradrenaline and serotonin, that are present at the nerve terminals in our brain. Reuptake prevention of these monoamine neurotransmitters potentiate their action in the brain. This appears to be associated with the antidepressant activity and helps in regulating the mood. It also stops the transmission of pain signals from nerves to the brain thereby relieving neuropathic pain (pain from damaged nerves)."
Eldoper 2mg Capsule,10 capsules in 1 strip,Micro Labs Ltd,"Loperamide (2mg),",39.0,diarrhea,"Diarrhea,","Lomid 2mg Capsule,Loopra 2mg Capsule,Loprapil 2mg Capsule,Lopidus Capsule,Lomax 2mg Capsule,","Constipation,Nausea,Headache,Stomach pain,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Eldoper 2mg Capsule may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Eldoper 2mg Capsule is an anti-diarrhoeal medication. It works by slowing down the contraction of the intestines thereby decreasing the speed at which the contents pass through it. This allows more time for reabsorption of fluids and nutrients, making the stools more solid and less frequent."
Eumosone-M Cream,15 gm in 1 tube,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Clobetasone (0.05% w/w) + Miconazole (2% w/w),",111.25,skin infections," Skin infections,","Clobetagen M Cream,Clomed M Cream,Butesone-M Cream,Lozee M Cream,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Eumosone-M Cream is a combination of two medicines: Clobetasone and Miconazole which treat skin infections. Clobetasone is a steroid medicine. It blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Miconazole is an antifungal which stops the growth of fungi by preventing them from forming their own protective covering."
Eldervit 12 Combipack,1 Injection in 1 vial,Elder Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Folic Acid (0.7mg) + Methylcobalamin (2500mcg) + Niacinamide (12mg) + Vitamin C (150mg),",29.7,nutritional deficiencies,"Nutritional deficiencies,","CB12 Injection,Enerject 12 Injection,Vitcofol C Combipack Injection,Eldervita 12 Injection Combipack,Tradnerv C Injection,","No common side effects seen,",Your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine. Kindly do not self administer. ,VITAMINS MINERALS NUTRIENTS,"Eldervit 12 Combipack is a combination of four nutritional supplements: Folic Acid, Methylcobalamin, Niacinamide and Vitamin C, which replenishes the body's stores of important nutrients."
Etova-MR 400/4 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Ipca Laboratories Ltd,"Etodolac (400mg) + Thiocolchicoside (4mg),",249.05,pain due to muscle spasm,"Pain due to muscle spasm,","Etogen-MR Tablet,Etolid-MR Tablet,Fiendoc TH 400mg/4mg Tablet,Etudolo MR 400mg/4mg Tablet,Etomight MR 400mg/4mg Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Heartburn,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Loss of appetite,Indigestion,Sleepiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Etova-MR 400/4 Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Etova-MR 400/4 Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Etodolac and Thiocolchicoside, which relieves pain and relaxes the muscles. Etodolac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling). Thiocolchicoside is a muscle relaxant. It works on the centers in the brain and spinal cord to relieve muscle stiffness or spasm. It relieves pain and improves the movement of muscles."
Emeset Injection 2ml,10 injections in 1 packet,Cipla Ltd,"Ondansetron (4mg),",131.2,"nausea,vomiting"," Nausea,Vomiting,","Ontix Injection,Otron 4mg Injection,Neomit 4mg Injection,Ondar 4mg Injection,Ondenset 4mg Injection,","Injection site pain,Constipation,Diarrhea,Fatigue,Headache,",Your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine. Kindly do not self administer. ,GASTRO INTESTINAL,Emeset Injection 2ml is an antiemetic medication. It works by blocking the action of a chemical messenger (serotonin) in the brain that may cause nausea and vomiting during anti-cancer treatment (chemotherapy) or after surgery.
Equirex Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Jagsonpal Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Chlordiazepoxide (5mg) + Clidinium (2.5mg),",63.74,irritable bowel syndrome," Irritable bowel syndrome,","Libopil 5 mg/2.5 mg Tablet,Libnam 5 mg/2.5 mg Tablet,Cromide 5mg/2.5mg Tablet,Serecon Tablet,Normaxin CC 5mg/2.5mg Tablet,","Sleepiness,Nausea,Constipation,Memory impairment,Dizziness,Blurred vision,Dryness in mouth,Difficulty in urination,Impaired coordination,Depression,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Equirex Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Equirex Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Chlordiazepoxide and Clidinium. Chlordiazepoxide is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of GABA, a chemical messenger which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain. Clidinium works by relaxing the muscles in your stomach and gut (intestine). It stops sudden muscle contractions (spasms) which in turn relieves cramps, pain, bloating, and discomfort."
Etilaam Pro 20 Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Etizolam (0.5mg) + Propranolol (20mg),",75.5,anxiety disorder," Anxiety disorder,","Etidac P 0.5mg/20mg Tablet,Etipro Tablet,Etilax P 0.5mg/20mg Tablet,Ritebenz Beta 0.5mg/20mg Tablet,Betapro-ET Tablet,","Confusion,Memory impairment,Drowsiness,Slow heart rate,Tiredness,Uncoordinated body movements,Nightmares,Cold extremities,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Etilaam Pro 20 Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.",NEURO CNS,"Etilaam Pro 20 Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Etizolam and Propranolol. Etizolam is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of GABA, a chemical messenger which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in brain. Propranolol is a beta blocker which blocks the action of certain chemical messengers on the heart and blood vessels. This reduces heart rate, blood pressure, and strain on the heart."
Cefakind 500 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Cefuroxime (500mg),",399.9,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Cefoxim 500 Tablet,Zefu 500 Tablet,Bigcef 500 Tablet,Augxetil 500mg Tablet,Pulmocef 500 Tablet,","Rash,Vomiting,Allergic reaction,Increased liver enzymes,Nausea,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Cefakind 500 Tablet is to be taken with food.Avoid Cefakind 500 Tablet with dietary sodium.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Cefakind 500 Tablet is an antibiotic. It kills bacteria by preventing them from forming the bacterial protective covering (cell wall) which is needed for them to survive.
Colimex  Oral Drops,10 ml in 1 bottle,Wallace Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Dicyclomine (10mg) + Simethicone (40mg),",49.25,"irritable bowel syndrome, abdominal pain"," Irritable bowel syndrome, Abdominal pain,","Pasam Oral Drops,Spasrid Oral Drops,Cyclowave Oral Drops,Cyclofresh Oral Drops,Delspa Oral Drops,","Nausea,Vomiting,Blurred vision,Drowsiness,Nervousness,Constipation,Diarrhea,Burping,Loss of appetite,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a marked dropper and take it as directed.  Colimex  Oral Drops is to be taken with food.,GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Colimex  Oral Drops is a mixture of two active medicines Dicyclomine, an antispasmodic agent, and Simethicone, an antifoaming medicine. Dicyclomine works by relaxing the muscles in your stomach and gut (intestine). It stops sudden muscle contractions (spasms), thereby relieving abdominal cramps and pain. Whereas, Simethicone disintegrates gas bubbles and allows easy passage of gas."
Clonotril 0.5 Tablet,strip of 15 tablets,Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Clonazepam (0.5mg),",52.15,"anxiety disorder, epilepsy/seizures"," Anxiety disorder, Epilepsy/Seizures,","Clonapax 0.5mg Tablet,Clozakin 0.5mg Tablet,Closed 0.5mg Tablet,Clomid 0.50 Tablet,Ozepam 0.5mg Tablet,","Depression,Dizziness,Drowsiness,Fatigue,Impaired coordination,Memory impairment,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Clonotril 0.5 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Clonotril 0.5 Tablet is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Clonafit 0.25mg Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Clonazepam (0.25mg),",19.82,"anxiety disorder, epilepsy/seizures"," Anxiety disorder, Epilepsy/Seizures,","Clozet   0.25mg Tablet,Clozakin 0.25mg Tablet,Clogis 0.25mg Tablet,Zapiz 0.25 Tablet,C Trika 0.25mg Tablet,","Depression,Dizziness,Drowsiness,Fatigue,Impaired coordination,Memory impairment,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Clonafit 0.25mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Clonafit 0.25mg Tablet is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Clonotril 0.25mg Tablet DT,strip of 15 tablet dt,Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Clonazepam (0.25mg),",28.15,"anxiety disorder, epilepsy/seizures"," Anxiety disorder, Epilepsy/Seizures,","Clozep 0.25mg Tablet DT,Klocalm 0.25 Tablet DT,Clone MD 0.25 Tablet,Zicam 0.25mg Tablet DT,Almac 0.25mg Tablet DT,","Depression,Dizziness,Drowsiness,Fatigue,Impaired coordination,Memory impairment,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Dissolve it in a glass of water before taking it. Clonotril 0.25mg Tablet DT may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Clonotril 0.25mg Tablet DT is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Cifran 500 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Ciprofloxacin (500mg),",40.93,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Cebran 500mg Tablet,Cipcoz 500mg Tablet,Floxip 500 Tablet,Maflo 500mg Tablet,Ciprobid 500 Tablet,","Nausea,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Cifran 500 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.Avoid Cifran 500 Tablet with caffeine and chocolate as well as food containing caffeine and chocolate such as tea leaves, cocoa beans.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Cifran 500 Tablet is an antibiotic. It works by stopping the action of a bacterial enzyme called DNA-gyrase. This prevents the bacterial cells from dividing and repairing, thereby killing them."
Cip-Zox Tablet,6 tablets in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Chlorzoxazone (500mg) + Diclofenac (50mg) + Paracetamol (325mg),",67.0,pain due to muscle spasm," Pain due to muscle spasm,","Spazone Tablet,Diclotal-MR Tablet,Rightflam 500mg/50mg/325mg Tablet,Rightflam MR 500mg/50mg/325mg Tablet,Fenzone Forte Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Heartburn,Stomach pain,Diarrhea,Loss of appetite,Dryness in mouth,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Cip-Zox Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Cip-Zox Tablet is a combination of a muscle relaxant (Chlorzoxazone) and two pain relieving medicines (Diclofenac and Paracetamol). The muscle relaxant works on the centers in the brain and spinal cord to relieve muscle stiffness or spasm, thereby improving movement of muscles. The pain relieving medicines work by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Cepodem XP 325 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Cefpodoxime Proxetil (200mg) + Clavulanic Acid (125mg),",364.0,respiratory tract infection," Respiratory tract infection,","Opox CV 200 Tablet,Microcef-CV 200 Tablet,Zipod CV 200mg/125mg Tablet,Tambac-CV 200 Tablet,Kefpod CV 200 Tablet,","Nausea,Diarrhea,Stomach pain,Headache,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Cepodem XP 325 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Cepodem XP 325 Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Cefpodoxime Proxetil and Clavulanic Acid. Cefpodoxime Proxetil is an antibiotic. It works by preventing the formation of the bacterial protective covering which is essential for the survival of bacteria. Clavulanic Acid is a beta-lactamase inhibitor which reduces resistance and enhances the activity of Cefpodoxime Proxetil against bacteria.
Chymoral-AP Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Aceclofenac (100mg) + Paracetamol (325mg) + Trypsin Chymotrypsin (50000AU),",132.85,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Chymonet AP Tablet,Pyrinac AP 100mg/325mg Tablet,Aceworld-TC Tablet,Sistal AP Tablet,Acevak XL 100mg/325mg Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Heartburn,Stomach pain,Indigestion,Loss of appetite,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Chymoral-AP Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Chymoral-AP Tablet is a combination of three medicines: Aceclofenac, Paracetamol and Trypsin Chymotrypsin, which relieves pain. Aceclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) and Paracetamol is an antipyretic (fever reducer). They work by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that cause pain and fever. Trypsin Chymotrypsin is a combination of enzymes which break down proteins into smaller fragments, thereby making them available for absorption into the blood. Once absorbed, they increase blood supply in the affected area and reduce swelling."
Clonafit 0.5 MD Tablet,strip of 10 tablet md,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Clonazepam (0.5mg),",33.58,"anxiety disorder, epilepsy/seizures"," Anxiety disorder, Epilepsy/Seizures,","Lozep 0.5mg Tablet MD,Lonacen 0.5mg Tablet MD,Prozepton 0.5mg Tablet MD,Clodep 0.5mg Tablet MD,Clonapax 0.5mg Tablet MD,","Depression,Dizziness,Drowsiness,Fatigue,Impaired coordination,Memory impairment,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Do not handle the tablets with wet hands. Put it in your mouth but do not swallow it. Clonafit 0.5 MD Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Clonafit 0.5 MD Tablet is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Clonafit Plus  Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Clonazepam (0.5mg) + Escitalopram Oxalate (10mg),",139.9,anxiety disorder," Anxiety disorder,","Essita Plus Tablet,Joycom Plus 0.5 mg/10 mg Tablet,S Vocita Plus 0.5 mg/10 mg Tablet,Censpram Plus Tablet,Galop Plus 10 Tablet,","Delayed ejaculation,Confusion,Vomiting,Memory impairment,Drowsiness,Tiredness,Anorgasmia (decreased orgasm),Low sexual desire,Nausea,Diarrhea,Uncoordinated body movements,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Clonafit Plus  Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Clonafit Plus  Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Clonazepam and escitalopram, which has anxiety-lowering and mood-enhancing effects. Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine (BZD) which increases the action of GABA, a chemical messenger that suppresses the abnormal activity of the nerve cells in the brain. Escitalopram is selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) which increases the levels of serotonin, a chemical messenger that improves mood."
Calpol 650mg Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Paracetamol (650mg),",30.91,"pain relief, fever","Pain relief, Fever,","Algina 650 Tablet,Dolo 650 Tablet,Paragreat 650mg Tablet,Parawel 650mg Tablet,Recofast 650mg Tablet,","Stomach pain,Nausea,Vomiting,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Calpol 650mg Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Calpol 650mg Tablet is an analgesic (pain reliever) and anti-pyretic (fever reducer). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and fever.
Chymoral Plus Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Diclofenac (50mg) + Trypsin Chymotrypsin (50000IU),",180.2,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Alfapsin D 50mg/50000IU Tablet,Chyro D 50mg/50000IU Tablet,Fibrotryp D 50mg/50000IU Tablet,Trymosin D Tablet,Chymofast-D Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Indigestion,Stomach pain,Loss of appetite,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Chymoral Plus Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Chymoral Plus Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Diclofenac and Trypsin Chymotrypsin which relieve pain and inflammation. Diclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that are responsible for pain, fever and inflammation (redness and swelling). Trypsin Chymotrypsin is a combination of enzymes which break down proteins into smaller fragments, thereby making them available for absorption into the blood. Once absorbed, they increase blood supply in the affected area and reduce swelling."
Ceftas 200 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Cefixime (200mg),",83.82,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Cefilab 200 Tablet,Milixim 200 Tablet,Mahacef 200 Tablet,Zofix 200 Tablet,Omnicef-O 200mg Tablet,","Nausea,Stomach pain,Indigestion,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Ceftas 200 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Ceftas 200 Tablet is an antibiotic. It kills the bacteria by preventing them from forming the bacterial protective covering (cell wall) which is needed for them to survive.
Candiforce 200 Capsule,strip of 4 capsules,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Itraconazole (200mg),",79.8,fungal infections," Fungal infections,","Afderm 200 Capsule,Candirap 200 Capsule,Itromed 200 Capsule,Canditral 200 Capsule,Syntran 200 Capsule,","Nausea,Common cold,Cough,Blurred vision,Menstrual disorder,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Candiforce 200 Capsule is to be taken with food.,OPHTHAL,Candiforce 200 Capsule is an antifungal medication. It kills fungi by destroying the fungal cell membrane. This treats your skin infection.
Calpol T  Tablet,strip of 15 tablets,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Paracetamol/Acetaminophen  (325mg) +  Tramadol (37.5mg),",92.9,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Tolydol Tablet,PT 325mg/37.5mg Tablet,Dolonat Tablet,Ultramol 325 mg/37.5 mg Tablet,Ramcet Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Constipation,Weakness,Dizziness,Dryness in mouth,Sleepiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Calpol T  Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Calpol T  Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Paracetamol/Acetaminophen  and  Tramadol. Paracetamol/Acetaminophen  is an analgesic (pain reliever) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain.  Tramadol is an opioid analgesic (pain reliever) which works by blocking the transmission of pain signals to the brain to lower pain perception.
Castor NF Cream,tube of 15 gm Cream,Leeford Healthcare Ltd,"Terbinafine (1% w/w) + Clobetasol (0.05% w/w) + Ofloxacin (0.75% w/w) + Ornidazole (2% w/w),",100.0,skin infections," Skin infections,","Clarex Plus Cream,Lamiterb Plus Cream,Dermolin Plus Cream,Restoderm Plus Cream,Fourderm Plus Cream,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),Thinning of skin,Skin peeling,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Castor NF Cream is a combination of four medicines: Terbinafine, Clobetasol, Ofloxacin and Ornidazole, which treats skin infections. Terbinafine is an antifungal which stops the growth of fungi by preventing them from forming their protective covering. Clobetasol is a steroid medicine. It blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Ofloxacin is an antibiotic which kills bacteria by preventing them from reproducing and repairing themselves. Ornidazole is also an antibiotic which kills other infectious microorganisms in addition to bacteria by damaging the DNA."
Colospa Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Abbott,"Mebeverine (135mg),",316.08,irritable bowel syndrome," Irritable bowel syndrome,","Mebrin 135mg Tablet,Libure 135mg Tablet,Gatoverine 135mg Tablet,Mebaspa Tablet,Mebespa 135mg Tablet,","Skin rash,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Colospa Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,Colospa Tablet relaxes the muscles of the intestine and relieves spasm.
Codistar  Syrup,bottle of 100 ml Syrup,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Chlorpheniramine Maleate (4mg/5ml) + Codeine (10mg/5ml),",139.9,dry cough,"Dry cough,","Codokuff Syrup,M Codex Syrup,Codinol Plus Syrup,Rhytuss Syrup,Criszir Syrup,","Nausea,Vomiting,Constipation,Sleepiness,Lightheadedness,Dizziness,Breathlessness,Sweating,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Codistar  Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Codistar  Syrup is a combination of two medicines: Chlorpheniramine Maleate and Codeine, which relieves dry cough. Chlorpheniramine Maleate is an antiallergic. It blocks the action of a chemical messenger (histamine) which may trigger cough due to allergy. Codeine is a cough suppressant. It suppresses cough by reducing the activity of cough center in the brain."
Flexon Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Aristo Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Ibuprofen (400mg) + Paracetamol (325mg),",26.3,"pain relief, fever","Pain relief, Fever,","Answell 400 mg/325 mg Tablet,Bruace 400 mg/325 mg Tablet,Rupar 400 mg/325 mg Tablet,Brufamol Tablet,Zupar 400mg/325mg Tablet,","Heartburn,Indigestion,Nausea,Stomach pain,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Flexon Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Flexon Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Ibuprofen and Paracetamol. It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause fever, pain and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Flagyl 400 Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Abbott,"Metronidazole (400mg),",21.44,"bacterial infections, parasitic infections"," Bacterial infections, Parasitic infections,","Unimegyl 400mg Tablet,UNIMEZOL 400 MG TABLET,Metro 400mg Tablet,Metropen 400mg Tablet,Metgyl 400mg Tablet,","Headache,Dryness in mouth,Nausea,Metallic taste,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Flagyl 400 Tablet is to be taken with food.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,Flagyl 400 Tablet is an antibiotic. It kills the bacteria and other microorganisms that cause infections by damaging their DNA.
Fluka 150 Tablet,1 Tablet in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Fluconazole (150mg),",13.29,fungal infections," Fungal infections,","Odicon 150 Tablet,Fluzol 150mg Tablet,Flumet 150mg Tablet,Triben F 150mg Tablet,Fungiset 150mg Tablet,","Headache,Nausea,Stomach pain,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Fluka 150 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Fluka 150 Tablet is an antifungal medication. It kills and stops the growth of the fungi by destroying its cell membrane, thereby treating your skin infection."
Flexon MR Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Aristo Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Ibuprofen (400mg) + Paracetamol (325mg) + Chlorzoxazone (250mg),",24.0,pain due to muscle spasm," Pain due to muscle spasm,","Fencin MR Tablet,Buflex MR Tablet,Spontrel Tablet,Dolomed MR Tablet,Inflamon Plus 400mg/325mg/250mg Tablet,","Nausea,Indigestion,Stomach pain,Weakness,Dizziness,Sleepiness,Heartburn,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Flexon MR Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Flexon MR Tablet is a combination of two pain relievers (Ibuprofen, Paracetamol) and a muscle relaxant (Chlorzoxazone). The pain relievers work by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling). The muscle relaxant works on the centers in the brain and spinal cord to relieve muscle stiffness or spasm and improve movement of muscles."
Foracort Inhaler 200,120 MDI in 1 packet,Cipla Ltd,"Formoterol (6mcg) + Budesonide (200mcg),",360.19,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd)," Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","Vent FB 6 mcg/200 mcg Inhaler,Fomtide NF 6mcg/200mcg Inhaler,Peakhale FB 6 mcg/200 mcg Inhaler,Formonide 6mcg/200mcg Inhaler,Pulmofor B 200 Inhaler,","Cough,Fungal infection of mouth,Headache,Hoarseness of voice,Increased heart rate,Musculoskeletal (bone, muscle or joint) pain,Nausea,Respiratory tract infection,Sore throat,Vomiting,","Check the label for directions before use. Shake the inhaler. While you are breathing in from mouth, press down on the inhaler one time to release the medication and hold your breath for 10 seconds. Repeat until you have inhaled the number of puffs as suggested by the doctor.Afterwards, rinse your mouth thoroughly with water and spit it out.",RESPIRATORY,"Foracort Inhaler 200 is a combination of two medicines: Formoterol and Budesonide. Formoterol is a long-acting bronchodilator which works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens the airways. Budesonide is a steroid. It works by stopping the release of certain chemical messengers that cause inflammation (swelling) of the airways. Together, they make breathing easier."
Febustat 40 Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Abbott,"Febuxostat (40mg),",123.2,gout," Gout,","Febzeal 40 Tablet,Febuset 40 Tablet,FBX 40 Tablet,Seremia 40mg Tablet,Febubest 40 Tablet,","Diarrhea,Headache,Increased liver enzymes,Nausea,Skin rash,Gout flares,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Febustat 40 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Febustat 40 Tablet is a xanthine oxidase inhibitor. It works by decreasing blood uric acid, which is the chemical that causes gout."
Febrex Plus Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Indoco Remedies Ltd,"Chlorpheniramine Maleate (2mg) + Paracetamol (500mg) + Phenylephrine (10mg),",55.9,"allergic conditions,pain relief, fever","Allergic conditions,Pain relief, Fever,","Nasoclear Cold Tablet,Flucold Tablet,Wikoryl 10 Tablet,Keyrest 2mg/500mg/10mg Tablet,Cosome MSR Tablet,","Dryness in mouth,Sleepiness,Drowsiness,Loss of appetite,Nausea,Nausea,Vomiting,Insomnia (difficulty in sleeping),Headache,Constipation,Itching,Nausea,Vomiting,Headache,",No Prescription found. Please contact doctor for expert advise.,RESPIRATORY,"Febrex Plus Tablet is an antiallergic medication. When your body is exposed to an allergen (pollen, animal dander, house dust etc.), it produces a chemical called histamine. This causes watery eyes, runny or blocked nose, sneezing, skin rashes, itching etc. Febrex Plus Tablet works by blocking the action of histamine, thereby relieving these symptoms.How Paracetamol worksFebrex Plus Tablet is an analgesic (pain reliever) and anti-pyretic (fever reducer). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and fever.How Phenylephrine worksFebrex Plus Tablet is a decongestant. It works by narrowing the small blood vessels which provides temporary relief from inflammation (redness and swelling) and discomfort."
Febutaz 40 Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Febuxostat (40mg),",190.0,gout," Gout,","Febzeal 40 Tablet,Febuset 40 Tablet,FBX 40 Tablet,Seremia 40mg Tablet,Febubest 40 Tablet,","Diarrhea,Headache,Increased liver enzymes,Nausea,Skin rash,Gout flares,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Febutaz 40 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Febutaz 40 Tablet is a xanthine oxidase inhibitor. It works by decreasing blood uric acid, which is the chemical that causes gout."
Faronem 200 Tablet,strip of 6 tablets,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Faropenem (200mg),",517.0,severe bacterial infections," Severe bacterial infections,","Mero-O 200 Tablet,Farowell 200mg Tablet,Merosure O Tablet,Rospenam 200mg Tablet,Scotfaro 200mg Tablet,","Rash,Nausea,Abdominal pain,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Faronem 200 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Faronem 200 Tablet is an antibiotic. It kills bacteria by preventing them from forming the bacterial protective covering (cell wall) which is needed for them to survive.
Flexura D Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Diclofenac (50mg) + Metaxalone (400mg),",185.0,pain due to muscle spasm," Pain due to muscle spasm,","DFO MR Tablet,Flexalone D 50mg/400mg Tablet,Kudzu Flex Tablet,Renew MR 50mg/400mg Tablet,Jacmod D 50mg/400mg Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Heartburn,Diarrhea,Sleepiness,Loss of appetite,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Flexura D Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Flexura D Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Diclofenac and Metaxalone, which relieves pain and relaxes the muscles.Diclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling). Metaxalone is a muscle relaxant. It works on the centers in the brain and spinal cord to relieve muscle stiffness or spasm. It relieves pain and improves the movement of muscles."
Fucidin Cream,5 gm in 1 tube,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Fusidic Acid (2% w/w),",51.16,"bacterial skin infections,bacterial eye infections"," Bacterial skin infections,Bacterial eye infections,","Fuzitop 2% Cream,Fucisoft 2% Cream,Fusibest Cream,FT-Mac Cream,Sofibet 2% Cream,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Fucidin Cream is an antibiotic. It works against bacteria that cause skin infections by preventing the synthesis of essential proteins necessary for the survival of bacteria. Thus, it prevents the skin infection from spreading."
Fourderm Cream,10 gm in 1 tube,Cipla Ltd,"Chlorhexidine Gluconate (0.20% w/w) + Clobetasol (0.05% w/w) + Miconazole (2% w/w) + Neomycin (0.5% w/w),",97.5,skin infections," Skin infections,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Itching,Thinning of skin,Burning sensation at the site of application,Irritation,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Fourderm Cream is a combination of four medicines: Chlorhexidine Gluconate, Clobetasol, Miconazole and Neomycin. Chlorhexidine Gluconate is an antiseptic which effectively cleans out the affected area of skin to prevent infection. Clobetasol is a steroid which works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Miconazole is an antifungal which stops the growth of fungi while Neomycin is an antibiotic which kills bacteria that cause skin infections. Together, they treat your skin infection effectively."
Flutivate Cream,10 gm in 1 tube,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Fluticasone Propionate (0.05% w/w),",177.45,"severe allergic reactions, skin conditions with inflammation & itching","Severe allergic reactions, Skin conditions with inflammation & itching,","Cazon D Cream,Flutistar Cream,Flat 0.05% w/w Cream,Dayflut Cream,Flute Cream,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",RESPIRATORY,"Flutivate Cream is a steroid medicine. It works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers that make the skin red, swollen and itchy due to skin conditions such as atopic eczema, allergic contact dermatitis, and psoriasis."
Fucibet Cream,15 gm in 1 tube,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Betamethasone (0.1% w/w) + Fusidic Acid (2% w/w),",73.0,skin infections," Skin infections,","Fusiderm-B Cream,Futop-B Cream,Fusitop B Cream,Fuzi B Cream,Fucigud B Cream,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Fucibet Cream is a combination of two medicines: Betamethasone and Fusidic Acid, which treats skin infections. Betamethasone is a steroid medicine. It blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Fusidic Acid is an antibiotic. It stops bacterial growth by preventing the synthesis of essential proteins required by the bacteria to carry out vital functions."
Fludac Capsule,15 capsules in 1 strip,Cadila Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Fluoxetine (20mg),",61.37,"depression, panic disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder"," Depression, Panic disorder, Obsessive-compulsive disorder,","Medidep 20mg Capsule,Zedep 20mg Capsule,Vibodep 20 Capsule,Flutee Capsule,Mawel 20 Capsule,","Erectile dysfunction,Indigestion,Influenza like syndrome,Loss of appetite,Depression,Low sexual desire,Nausea,Sore throat,Sweating,Tremors,Weakness,Yawning,Abnormal dreams,Delayed ejaculation,Dryness in mouth,Insomnia (difficulty in sleeping),Nervousness,Sleepiness,Sinus infection,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Fludac Capsule may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Fludac Capsule is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressant. It works by increasing the levels of serotonin, a chemical messenger in the brain. This improves mood and physical symptoms of depression and also relieves symptoms of panic and obsessive disorders."
Febrex Plus Syrup,60 ml in 1 bottle,Indoco Remedies Ltd,"Chlorpheniramine Maleate (1mg/5ml) + Paracetamol (125mg/5ml) + Phenylephrine (5mg/5ml),",82.5,"allergic conditions,pain relief, fever","Allergic conditions,Pain relief, Fever,","Unituss Flu Syrup,Urdef Syrup,Nazosap Syrup,Aryl Syrup,Snucold Syrup,","Dryness in mouth,Sleepiness,Drowsiness,Loss of appetite,Nausea,Nausea,Vomiting,Insomnia (difficulty in sleeping),Headache,Constipation,Itching,Nausea,Vomiting,Headache,",No Prescription found. Please contact doctor for expert advise.,RESPIRATORY,"Febrex Plus Syrup is an antiallergic medication. When your body is exposed to an allergen (pollen, animal dander, house dust etc.), it produces a chemical called histamine. This causes watery eyes, runny or blocked nose, sneezing, skin rashes, itching etc. Febrex Plus Syrup works by blocking the action of histamine, thereby relieving these symptoms.How Paracetamol worksFebrex Plus Syrup is an analgesic (pain reliever) and anti-pyretic (fever reducer). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and fever.How Phenylephrine worksFebrex Plus Syrup is a decongestant. It works by narrowing the small blood vessels which provides temporary relief from inflammation (redness and swelling) and discomfort."
Flomist Nasal Spray,10 ml in 1 bottle,Cipla Ltd,"Fluticasone Propionate (0.005% w/v),",425.06,"sneezing and runny nose due to allergies,severe allergic reactions, skin conditions with inflammation & itching","Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies,Severe allergic reactions, Skin conditions with inflammation & itching,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Nasal irritation,Headache,Nosebleeds,","Use this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Insert the bottle tip into one nostril and close the other nostril. Direct the spray towards the sides of your nostril, away from the cartilage dividing the two sides of your nose. As you spray, breath gently and keep the head upright. Repeat the same process for the other nostrils. ",RESPIRATORY,"Flomist Nasal Spray is a steroid medicine. It works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers that make the skin red, swollen and itchy due to skin conditions such as atopic eczema, allergic contact dermatitis, and psoriasis."
Feburic 40 Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Ajanta Pharma Ltd,"Febuxostat (40mg),",128.0,gout," Gout,","Febzeal 40 Tablet,Febuset 40 Tablet,FBX 40 Tablet,Seremia 40mg Tablet,Febubest 40 Tablet,","Diarrhea,Headache,Increased liver enzymes,Nausea,Skin rash,Gout flares,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Feburic 40 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Feburic 40 Tablet is a xanthine oxidase inhibitor. It works by decreasing blood uric acid, which is the chemical that causes gout."
Flunarin 10 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,FDC Ltd,"Flunarizine (10mg),",49.0,prevention of migraine,"Prevention of Migraine,","Migarid 10 Tablet,Grenil-F 10 Tablet,Zerograin 10 Tablet,Myzine 10mg Tablet,Flunaris 10mg Tablet,","Sleepiness,Weight gain,Muscle pain,Fatigue,Constipation,Nausea,Insomnia (difficulty in sleeping),Runny nose,Increased appetite,Depression,Stomach discomfort,Breast pain,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Flunarin 10 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Migraine headaches are thought to result from the dilatation of blood vessels in the head. Flunarin 10 Tablet works by preventing loss of tone and dilation of blood vessels, thus preventing the migraine headache."
Fortwin 30mg Injection,vial of 1 ml Injection,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Pentazocine (30mg),",5.58,moderate to severe pain,"Moderate to severe pain,","Susevin 30mg Injection,Verpen 30mg Injection,Zocin 30mg Injection,Penzin 30mg Injection,Laptol 30mg Injection,","Headache,Drowsiness,Fatigue,Vomiting,Constipation,Sweating,Dryness in mouth,Injection site reactions (pain, swelling, redness),",Your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine. Kindly do not self administer. ,PAIN ANALGESICS,Fortwin 30mg Injection is an opioid analgesic (pain reliever) which works by blocking transmission of pain signals to the brain to lower pain perception.
Febuget 40 Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Febuxostat (40mg),",119.0,gout," Gout,","Febzeal 40 Tablet,Febuset 40 Tablet,FBX 40 Tablet,Seremia 40mg Tablet,Febubest 40 Tablet,","Diarrhea,Headache,Increased liver enzymes,Nausea,Skin rash,Gout flares,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Febuget 40 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Febuget 40 Tablet is a xanthine oxidase inhibitor. It works by decreasing blood uric acid, which is the chemical that causes gout."
Famocid 40 Tablet,14 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Famotidine (40mg),",8.75,"gastroesophageal reflux disease (acid reflux), peptic ulcer disease, heartburn"," Gastroesophageal reflux disease (Acid reflux), Peptic ulcer disease, Heartburn,","Famowal 40mg Tablet,Famodin 40mg Tablet,Fadine 40 Tablet,Acicon 40mg Tablet,Facid 40 Tablet,","Headache,Dizziness,Diarrhea,Constipation,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Famocid 40 Tablet is to be taken with food.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,Famocid 40 Tablet is a histamine H2 receptor antagonist. It works by reducing the acid produced in the stomach. This helps to relieve acid-related indigestion and heartburn.
Anxit 0.5 Tablet,strip of 15 tablets,Micro Labs Ltd,"Alprazolam (0.5mg),",43.5,"anxiety, panic disorder"," Anxiety, Panic disorder,","Alprasafe 0.5mg Tablet,Alparazole 0.5mg Tablet,Alprazol 0.5mg Tablet,Texidep 0.5mg Tablet,Zolipax 0.5mg Tablet,","Lightheadedness,Drowsiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Anxit 0.5 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Anxit 0.5 Tablet is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Azicip 500 Tablet,3 tablets in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Azithromycin (500mg),",71.7,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Ibithral 500mg Tablet,Azibest 500mg Tablet,Zeethrom 500 Tablet,Trulimax 500mg Tablet,Zady 500 Tablet,","Vomiting,Nausea,Abdominal pain,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Azicip 500 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Azicip 500 Tablet is an antibiotic. It works by preventing synthesis of essential proteins required by bacteria to carry out vital functions. Thus, it stops the bacteria from growing, and prevents the infection from spreading."
Amoxycillin 500mg Capsule,10 capsules in 1 strip,Jagsonpal Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Amoxycillin (500mg),",31.9,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Amox 500mg Capsule,Wymox 500mg Capsule,Moxilium 500mg Capsule,Radimox 500mg Capsule,Taurmox 500mg Capsule,","Rash,Vomiting,Allergic reaction,Nausea,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Amoxycillin 500mg Capsule may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Amoxycillin 500mg Capsule is an antibiotic. It kills bacteria by preventing them from forming the bacterial protective covering (cell wall) which is needed for them to survive.
Aciloc 300 Tablet,20 tablets in 1 strip,Cadila Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Ranitidine (300mg),",45.6,"gastroesophageal reflux disease (acid reflux), peptic ulcer disease"," Gastroesophageal reflux disease (Acid reflux), Peptic ulcer disease,","Afdiloc 300mg Tablet,Gertac 300mg Tablet,Renitab 300mg Tablet,Rancer 300mg Tablet,Rdin 300mg Tablet,","Sleepiness,Headache,Tiredness,Constipation,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Aciloc 300 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,No Information gleaned regarding its functioning
Anafortan 25 mg/300 mg Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Abbott,"Camylofin (25mg) + Paracetamol (300mg),",124.56,abdominal pain," Abdominal pain,","Carespas CP 25mg/300mg Tablet,Camyfyl 25mg/300mg Tablet,Cyclobid CP 25mg/300mg Tablet,","Dryness in mouth,Constipation,Blurred vision,Increased heart rate,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Anafortan 25 mg/300 mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Anafortan 25 mg/300 mg Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Camylofin and Paracetamol, which relieves abdominal pain. Camylofin is an anti-cholinergic which relaxes the muscles in the stomach and gut (intestine) and stops sudden muscle contractions (spasms). By doing this, it relieves cramps, pain, bloating, and discomfort. Paracetamol is an analgesic (pain reliever) and an anti-pyretic (fever reducer) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that causes fever and pain."
AB-Flo-N Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Lupin Ltd,"Acebrophylline (100mg) + Acetylcysteine (600mg),",207.25,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd)," Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","Asthagrip-N Tablet,Abiways Tablet,Acebull A Tablet,Mucinac AB Tablet,Effenac AB Tablet,","Vomiting,Heartburn,Stomach pain,Upset stomach,Rash,Hives,Itching,Breathing problems,Nasal inflammation,Increased white blood cell count,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. AB-Flo-N Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"AB-Flo-N Tablet is a combination of two medicines : Acebrophylline and Acetylcysteine. Acebrophylline is a mucolytic and bronchodilator. It works by relaxing the muscles of the airways and also thins and loosens mucus, making it easier to breathe. Acetylcysteine is a mucolytic medication. It thins and loosens mucus (phlegm) making it easier to cough out."
Acivir 400 DT Tablet,5 tablet dt in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Acyclovir (400mg),",69.1,"herpes simplex virus infections,chickenpox,herpes labialis,shingles,genital herpes infection","Herpes Simplex Virus Infections,Chickenpox,Herpes labialis,Shingles,Genital herpes infection,","Herpesafe 400mg Tablet DT,Acivex 400mg Tablet DT,Docvir 400mg Tablet DT,Logivir 400 DT Tablet,Bivir Tablet DT,","Headache,Dizziness,Vomiting,Nausea,Fatigue,Fever,Stomach pain,Diarrhea,Skin rash,Photophobia,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Dissolve it in a glass of water before taking it. Acivir 400 DT Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Acivir 400 DT Tablet is an antiviral medication. It prevents the multiplication of virus in human cells. This stops the virus from producing new viruses and clears up your infection.
Aerocort Inhaler,200 MDI in 1 packet,Cipla Ltd,"Levosalbutamol (50mcg) + Beclometasone (50mcg),",248.89,"chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd),severe allergic reactions,allergic conditions,skin disorders,eye disorders","Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),Severe allergic reactions,Allergic conditions,Skin disorders,Eye disorders,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Bronchitis (inflammation of the airways),Dizziness,Vomiting,Inflammation of the nose,Pain,Asthma,Pharyngitis,Hoarseness of voice,Increased risk of infection,Sore throat,",No Prescription found. Please contact doctor for expert advise.,RESPIRATORY,Aerocort Inhaler is a bronchodilator. It works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens airways. This makes breathing easier.How Beclometasone worksAerocort Inhaler is a steroid which works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers in the body that cause inflammation (redness and swelling) and allergies.
Aziderm 20% Cream,15 gm in 1 tube,Micro Labs Ltd,"Azelaic Acid (20% w/w),",285.0,acne," Acne,","Azecne Cream,Azac 20% Cream,Exazel 20% Cream,Dermac 20% Cream,Azecare 20 Cream,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,Azelaic acid works by killing the acne-causing bacteria and reduces inflammation (redness and swelling) of the skin.
Acivir Cream,5 gm in 1 tube,Cipla Ltd,"Acyclovir (5% w/w),",72.53,herpes labialis,"Herpes labialis,","Setuvir Cream,Herpesafe Cream,Zovistar Cream,Glenvirax Cream,Ocuvir Skin Cream,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,Acivir Cream is an antiviral medication which treats skin infections caused by Herpes simplex virus. It works by preventing the multiplication of virus in the skin cells. This stops the virus from producing new viruses and clears up your skin infection.
Ace Proxyvon Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd,"Aceclofenac (100mg) + Paracetamol (325mg),",72.5,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Dolostat PC 100 mg/325 mg Tablet,Topnac P Tablet,Arflur-P Tablet,XREL Tablet,Willgo P Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Loss of appetite,Heartburn,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Ace Proxyvon Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Ace Proxyvon Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Aceclofenac and Paracetamol. These medicines work by blocking the action of chemical messengers responsible for pain, fever and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Acemiz -MR Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Lupin Ltd,"Aceclofenac (100mg) + Paracetamol (325mg) + Chlorzoxazone (250mg),",99.5,muscular pain," Muscular pain,","Acimol MR 100mg/325mg/250mg Tablet,Asier MR Tablet,Tracepar-MR Tablet,Erafenac MR 100mg/325mg/250mg Tablet,Zoceclo MR 100mg/325mg/250mg Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Heartburn,Stomach pain,Diarrhea,Loss of appetite,Tiredness,Sleepiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Acemiz -MR Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Acemiz -MR Tablet is a combination of two pain relieving medicines (Aceclofenac and Paracetamol) and a muscle relaxant (Chlorzoxazone). The pain relieving medicines work by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling). The muscle relaxant works on the centers in the brain and spinal cord to relieve muscle stiffness or spasm, thereby improving muscle movement."
Amikacin Sulphate 500mg Injection,vial of 2 ml Injection,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Amikacin (500mg),",11.87,bacterial infections,"Bacterial infections,","Amital 500mg Injection,Acil 500mg Injection,Emica 500mg Injection,Mika Best 500mg Injection,Ivimicin 500mg Injection,","Increased blood urea,Injection site reactions (pain, swelling, redness),",Your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine. Kindly do not self administer. ,OPHTHAL,Amikacin Sulphate 500mg Injection is an antibiotic. It stops bacterial growth by preventing synthesis of essential proteins required by bacteria to carry out vital functions.
Acogut Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Lupin Ltd,"Acotiamide (100mg),",120.0,functional dyspepsia," Functional dyspepsia,","Actapro Tablet,Dycotiam Tablet,Tocamide Tablet,Tocamide Tablet,Actapro Tablet,","Headache,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Acogut Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Acogut Tablet increases the release of acetylcholine, a chemical that can increase the motility of the intestine."
Augmentin DDS Suspension,30 ml in 1 bottle,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Amoxycillin  (400mg/5ml) +  Clavulanic Acid (57mg/5ml),",157.3,"resistant tuberculosis (tb), bacterial infections"," Resistant Tuberculosis (TB), Bacterial infections,","Estamox-CV 457 Oral Suspension,Bactoclav DS 457 Dry Syrup,Altoclav Duo Dry Syrup,Extclav-DS Dry Syrup,Coeamox Forte Dry Syrup,","Nausea,Vomiting,Abdominal pain,Diarrhea,Allergy,Skin rash,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Augmentin DDS Suspension is to be taken with food.,ANTI INFECTIVES,"Augmentin DDS Suspension is an antibiotic. It has two active agents, amoxycillin and clavulanic acid. Amoxycillin works by preventing the formation of the bacterial protective covering (cell wall) essential for the survival of the bacteria. Whereas, clavulanic acid serves a special purpose of inhibiting an enzyme (beta-lactamase) that is produced by resistant bacteria. This makes the combination of amoxycillin and clavulanic acid an effective line of treatment for many types of infections."
Azeflo Nasal Spray,7 ml in 1 packet,Lupin Ltd,"Fluticasone Propionate (50mcg) + Azelastine (140mcg),",420.1,sneezing and runny nose due to allergies," Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies,","Sarnase 50 mcg/140 mcg Nasal Spray,Sernase Nasal Spray,Duospray Nasal Spray,Armist Nasal Spray,Lergiset-AF Nasal Spray,","Taste change,Headache,Nosebleeds,","Use this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Insert the bottle tip into one nostril and close the other nostril. Direct the spray towards the sides of your nostril, away from the cartilage dividing the two sides of your nose. As you spray, breath gently and keep the head upright. Repeat the same process for the other nostrils. ",RESPIRATORY,"Azeflo Nasal Spray is a combination of two medicines: Fluticasone Propionate and Azelastine, which relieves sneezing and runny nose caused due to allergies (allergic rhinitis). Fluticasone Propionate is a steroid which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause inflammation (swelling) and irritation in the nose. Azelastine is an antiallergic which relieves allergy symptoms like runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing."
Gabapin NT Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Gabapentin (400mg) + Nortriptyline (10mg),",428.0,neuropathic pain," Neuropathic pain,","Nuromark NT 400 mg/10 mg Tablet,Nervic-NT Tablet,Gabanyt 400 mg/10 mg Tablet,Nort GB 400mg/10mg Tablet,Mylamin GN Tablet,","Constipation,Difficulty in urination,Weight gain,Sleepiness,Dizziness,Tiredness,Blurred vision,Dryness in mouth,Orthostatic hypotension (sudden lowering of blood pressure on standing),Increased heart rate,Uncoordinated body movements,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Gabapin NT Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Gabapin NT Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Gabapentin and Nortriptyline. Gabapentin is an alpha 2 delta ligand which decreases the pain by modulating calcium channel activity of the nerve cells. Nortriptyline is a tricyclic antidepressant which increases the levels of chemical messengers (serotonin and noradrenaline) that stop the movement of pain signals in the brain. Together, they relieve neuropathic pain (pain from damaged nerves)."
Grilinctus  Syrup,100 ml in 1 bottle,Franco-Indian Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Ammonium Chloride (60mg/5ml) + Chlorpheniramine Maleate (2.5mg/5ml) + Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide (5mg/5ml) + Guaifenesin (50mg/5ml),",126.0,cough," Cough,","Biogold Syrup,Emlinctus Syrup,Tiflinctus Syrup,Cofmac Syrup,PHENLINCTUS SYRUP,","Nausea,Upset stomach,Diarrhea,Stomach pain,Vomiting,Allergic reaction,Sleepiness,Dizziness,Headache,Rash,Hives,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Grilinctus  Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Ammonium chloride, chlorpheniramine, dextromethorphan and guaifenesin which relieve cough. Ammonium chloride and guaifenesin are expectorants which decrease the stickiness of mucus (phlegm) and help in its removal from the airways. Chlorpheniramine is an antiallergic which relieves allergy symptoms like runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing. Dextromethorphan is a cough suppressant that relieves cough by reducing the activity of cough centre in the brain."
Gabapin NT 100 Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Gabapentin (100mg) + Nortriptyline (10mg),",160.5,neuropathic pain," Neuropathic pain,","Gabagesic NT 100 Tablet,Gabapax NT 100 Tablet,Gabapax-LS Tablet,Gabawok-NT 100 Tablet,Gabaice NT Tablet,","Constipation,Difficulty in urination,Weight gain,Sleepiness,Dizziness,Tiredness,Blurred vision,Dryness in mouth,Orthostatic hypotension (sudden lowering of blood pressure on standing),Increased heart rate,Uncoordinated body movements,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Gabapin NT 100 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Gabapin NT 100 Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Gabapentin and Nortriptyline. Gabapentin is an alpha 2 delta ligand which decreases the pain by modulating calcium channel activity of the nerve cells. Nortriptyline is a tricyclic antidepressant which increases the levels of chemical messengers (serotonin and noradrenaline) that stop the movement of pain signals in the brain. Together, they relieve neuropathic pain (pain from damaged nerves)."
Gabapin 100 Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Gabapentin (100mg),",130.0,"neuropathic pain, epilepsy/seizures"," Neuropathic pain, Epilepsy/Seizures,","Gapitas 100mg Tablet,Gabasarv 100 Tablet,Gabagesic 100mg Tablet,Jotter 100mg Tablet,Gabalent 100 Tablet,","Dizziness,Fatigue,Fever,Impaired coordination,Nausea,Nystagmus (involuntary eye movement),Peripheral edema,Sleepiness,Viral infection,Vomiting,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Gabapin 100 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Gabapin 100 Tablet is an antiepileptic medication. When given for epilepsy, it is believed to work by reducing the abnormal electrical activity in the brain, thus preventing seizures. It is also used to treat nerve pain where it blocks pain by interfering with pain signals traveling through the damaged nerves and the brain."
Gudcef 200 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Cefpodoxime Proxetil (200mg),",149.0,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Zipod 200mg Tablet,Oxipod 200mg Tablet,Bactogard 200mg Tablet,Doxcef 200 Tablet,Monocef-O 200 Tablet,","Rash,Nausea,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Gudcef 200 Tablet is to be taken with food.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Gudcef 200 Tablet is an antibiotic. It kills the bacteria by preventing them from forming the bacterial protective covering (cell wall) which is needed for them to survive.
Ganaton Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Abbott,"Itopride (50mg),",152.18,"heartburn, nausea"," Heartburn, Nausea,","RE Tride 50mg Tablet,Itoz 50mg Tablet,Discom 50mg Tablet,Zeto 50mg Tablet,Itoflux 50mg Tablet,","Dryness in mouth,Sleepiness,Stomach pain,Diarrhea,Headache,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Ganaton Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Ganaton Tablet is a prokinetic. It works on the region in the brain that controls vomiting. It also acts on the upper digestive tract to increase the movement of the stomach and intestines, allowing food to move more easily through the stomach."
Gudcef-CV 200 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Cefpodoxime Proxetil (200mg) + Clavulanic Acid (125mg),",264.0,respiratory tract infection," Respiratory tract infection,","Opox CV 200 Tablet,Microcef-CV 200 Tablet,Zipod CV 200mg/125mg Tablet,Tambac-CV 200 Tablet,Kefpod CV 200 Tablet,","Nausea,Diarrhea,Stomach pain,Headache,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Gudcef-CV 200 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Gudcef-CV 200 Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Cefpodoxime Proxetil and Clavulanic Acid. Cefpodoxime Proxetil is an antibiotic. It works by preventing the formation of the bacterial protective covering which is essential for the survival of bacteria. Clavulanic Acid is a beta-lactamase inhibitor which reduces resistance and enhances the activity of Cefpodoxime Proxetil against bacteria.
Grilinctus-BM Syrup,100 ml in 1 bottle,Franco-Indian Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Terbutaline (2.5mg/5ml) + Bromhexine (8mg/5ml),",106.0,cough," Cough,","Bronq T Syrup,Edvent T Syrup,Leecough BM Syrup,Collintus-BM Syrup,","Nausea,Indigestion,Bloating,Diarrhea,Dizziness,Headache,Tremors,Sweating,Skin rash,Increased heart rate,Palpitations,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Grilinctus-BM Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Grilinctus-BM Syrup is a combination of two medicines: Terbutaline and Bromhexine, which relieves cough. Terbutaline is a bronchodilator which relaxes muscles in your airways and widens the airways. Bromhexine is a mucolytic which thins and loosens mucus (phlegm), making it easier to cough out. Together, they make breathing easier."
Grenil Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Karnataka Antibiotics & Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Domperidone (20mg) + Paracetamol (500mg),",51.15,migraine," Migraine,","D Febrol 20mg/500mg Tablet,Nograin 20mg/500mg Tablet,Onmol 20mg/500mg Tablet,Domrose Plus 20mg/500mg Tablet,Jasdom-P 20mg/500mg Tablet,","Dryness in mouth,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Grenil Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
",NEURO CNS,"Grenil Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Domperidone and Paracetamol. Domperidone is a prokinetic which works on the region in the brain that controls vomiting. It also increases the movement of the stomach and intestines, allowing food to move more easily through the stomach. This prevents nausea and vomiting caused due to migraine. Paracetamol is an analgesic (pain reliever) and an anti-pyretic (fever reducer) which blocks the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and fever associated with migraine."
Ganaton Total Capsule SR,10 capsule sr in 1 strip,Abbott,"Pantoprazole (40mg) + Itopride (150mg),",384.6,"gastroesophageal reflux disease (acid reflux),peptic ulcer disease","Gastroesophageal reflux disease (Acid reflux),Peptic ulcer disease,","Pantagon IT  40 mg/150 mg Capsule SR,Itopan 40 mg/150 mg Capsule SR,Sulflux IT 40mg/150mg Capsule SR,Pantogel-IT Capsule SR,Captiva IT 40mg/150mg Capsule SR,","Diarrhea,Stomach pain,Headache,Flatulence,Dizziness,Increased saliva production,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Ganaton Total Capsule SR is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Ganaton Total Capsule SR is a combination of two medicines: Pantoprazole and Itopride. Pantoprazole is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI). It works by reducing the amount of acid in the stomach which helps in the relief of acid-related indigestion and heartburn. Itopride is a prokinetic which works on the region in the brain that controls vomiting. It also acts on the upper digestive tract to increase the movement of the stomach and intestines, allowing food to move more easily through the stomach."
Gabaneuron Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Aristo Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Gabapentin (300mg) + Methylcobalamin (500mcg),",210.0,neuropathic pain," Neuropathic pain,","Gabanyl 300mg/500mcg Tablet,Miol G 300 mg/500 mcg Tablet,Novonerve-G Tablet,Neurotop G 300mg/500mcg Tablet,Neurotin-M Tablet,","Dizziness,Sleepiness,Tiredness,Uncoordinated body movements,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Gabaneuron Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Gabaneuron Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Gabapentin and Methylcobalamin. Gabapentin is an alpha 2 delta ligand which decreases pain by modulating calcium channel activity of the nerve cells. Methylcobalamin is a form of vitamin B which helps in the production of myelin, a substance that protects nerve fibers and rejuvenates damaged nerve cells. Together, they relieve neuropathic pain (pain from damaged nerves)."
Gabaneuron NT Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Aristo Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Gabapentin (300mg) + Nortriptyline (10mg),",174.5,neuropathic pain," Neuropathic pain,","DavaIndia Gabapentin+Nortriptyline 300mg/10mg Tablet,Nervotin NT 300mg/10mg Tablet,Gabapent NT 300mg/10mg Tablet,Gabort N 300mg/10mg Tablet,Krisgaba NT 300mg/10mg Tablet,","Constipation,Difficulty in urination,Weight gain,Sleepiness,Dizziness,Tiredness,Blurred vision,Dryness in mouth,Orthostatic hypotension (sudden lowering of blood pressure on standing),Increased heart rate,Uncoordinated body movements,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Gabaneuron NT Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Gabaneuron NT Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Gabapentin and Nortriptyline. Gabapentin is an alpha 2 delta ligand which decreases the pain by modulating calcium channel activity of the nerve cells. Nortriptyline is a tricyclic antidepressant which increases the levels of chemical messengers (serotonin and noradrenaline) that stop the movement of pain signals in the brain. Together, they relieve neuropathic pain (pain from damaged nerves)."
Gerbisa Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Zydus Cadila,"Bisacodyl (5mg),",11.22,constipation," Constipation,","Laxidyl Tablet,Bisomer 5mg Tablet,Swilax 5mg Tablet,BO Lax 5mg Tablet,Lupiplax Tablet,","Vomiting,Bloating,Nausea,Stomach cramp,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Gerbisa Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Gerbisa Tablet is a laxative. It works by increasing the movement of the intestines, thereby facilitating the passage of stool. It also helps clean out the intestines prior to medical procedures or examinations."
Grisovin-FP Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Griseofulvin (250mg),",17.9,fungal infections,"Fungal infections,","Grisomed 250mg Tablet,Griseoderm 250mg Tablet,Fungivin 250mg Tablet,Grisactin Forte 250mg Tablet,Geovin 250mg Tablet,","Headache,Skin rash,Nausea,Diarrhea,Dizziness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Grisovin-FP Tablet is to be taken with food.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Grisovin-FP Tablet is an antifungal medication. It stops the growth of fungi by preventing fungal cell division.
GB 29 Total Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Corona Remedies Pvt Ltd,"Pregabalin (75mg) + Nortriptyline (10mg) + Methylcobalamin (1500mcg),",214.5,neuropathic pain," Neuropathic pain,","Pregabanyl NTM Tablet,Resner Plus Tablet,Regnor-Mnt Tablet,Nurator Tablet,Kmylen NT 75mg/10mg/1500mcg Tablet,","Constipation,Weight gain,Orthostatic hypotension (sudden lowering of blood pressure on standing),Increased heart rate,Dizziness,Sleepiness,Tiredness,Blurred vision,Dryness in mouth,Difficulty in urination,Uncoordinated body movements,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. GB 29 Total Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"GB 29 Total Tablet is a combination of three medicines: Pregabalin, Nortriptyline and Methylcobalamin. Pregabalin is an alpha 2 delta ligand which decreases pain by modulating calcium channel activity of the nerve cells. Nortriptyline is a tricyclic antidepressant which increases the levels of chemical messengers (serotonin and noradrenaline) that stop the movement of pain signals in the brain. Methylcobalamin is a form of vitamin B which helps in the production of myelin, a substance that protects nerve fibers and rejuvenates damaged nerve cells. Together, they relieve neuropathic pain (pain from damaged nerves)."
Gudlax-Plus Laxative Peppermint Sugar Free,110 ml in 1 bottle,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Sodium Picosulfate (3.33mg) + Liquid Paraffin (1.25ml) + Milk Of Magnesia (3.75ml),",108.9,constipation," Constipation,","Avolax Oral Suspension,Evacmore Oral Suspension,Volact Oral Suspension,Picoguard-Plus Oral Suspension Sugar Free,Mom Plus Suspension Sugar Free,","Diarrhea,Stomach pain,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Gudlax-Plus Laxative Peppermint Sugar Free may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Sodium picosulfate, liquid paraffin and milk of magnesia, which relieves constipation. Sodium picosulfate is a stimulant laxative which increases peristalsis (the wave-like movement of the intestines) to push the stools forward. Liquid paraffin is a lubricant laxative which helps retain water and fat in the stools, while milk of magnesia is an osmotic laxative which works by drawing water into the intestine through osmosis, making the stools soft. Together, they make stools easier to pass."
Gabapin 300 Capsule,15 capsules in 1 strip,Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Gabapentin (300mg),",338.0,"neuropathic pain, epilepsy/seizures"," Neuropathic pain, Epilepsy/Seizures,","Rejunate 300mg Capsule,Gabacap 300mg Capsule,Gabacip 300mg Capsule,Gabatin 300 Capsule,Neuropentin 300mg Capsule,","Dizziness,Fatigue,Fever,Impaired coordination,Nausea,Nystagmus (involuntary eye movement),Peripheral edema,Sleepiness,Viral infection,Vomiting,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Gabapin 300 Capsule may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Gabapin 300 Capsule is an antiepileptic medication. When given for epilepsy, it is believed to work by reducing the abnormal electrical activity in the brain, thus preventing seizures. It is also used to treat nerve pain where it blocks pain by interfering with pain signals traveling through the damaged nerves and the brain."
Doxolin 400mg Tablet,30 tablets in 1 strip,Zydus Cadila,"Doxofylline (400mg),",104.88,treatment and prevention of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd),"Treatment and prevention of Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","Doxovent Tablet,Fycon 400mg Tablet,Bestofyline 400mg Tablet,D Xanthin 400mg Tablet,Filodox 400mg Tablet,","Headache,Nausea,Vomiting,Upset stomach,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Doxolin 400mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.Avoid Doxolin 400mg Tablet with caffeine and chocolate as well as food containing caffeine and chocolate such as tea leaves, cocoa beans.",RESPIRATORY,Doxolin 400mg Tablet is a bronchodilator. It works by relaxing the muscles of the airways and widens airways. This makes breathing easier.
Derobin  Ointment,30 gm in 1 tube,USV Ltd,"Salicylic Acid (1.15% w/w) + Dithranol (1.15% w/w) + Coal Tar (5.3% w/w),",109.79,psoriasis," Psoriasis,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Application site irritation,Skin staining,",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and gently massage the ointment. ,DERMA,"Derobin  Ointment is a combination of three medicines: Salicylic Acid, Dithranol and Coal Tar, which treats psoriasis. Salicylic Acid and Coal Tar are keratolytic medicines. They work by breaking down keratin clumps which removes dead skin cells and softens the skin. Dithranol is a tar-like substance which works by slowing down the rapid growth of skin cells."
Deriva-Cms Gel,15 gm in 1 tube,Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Adapalene (0.1% w/w) + Clindamycin (1% w/w),",325.0,acne," Acne,","Nioclean AD Gel,Nuplene-C Gel,Accare Gel,Acnicin Gel,Clin-AD Gel,","Skin peeling,Erythema (skin redness),Itching,Dry skin,Burning sensation at the site of application,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the gel. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Deriva-Cms Gel is a combination of two medicines: Adapalene and Clindamycin, which treats pimples (acne). Adapalene is a form of vitamin A which prevents accumulation of the sebum (skin’s natural oil), unblocks the pores and allows natural exfoliation of the outer layers of skin. Clindamycin is an antibiotic which works by penetrating into the skin and killing acne-causing bacteria."
Darolac Sachet,2 gm in 1 packet,Aristo Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Lactobacillus (2.5Billion cells),",13.5,diarrhea," Diarrhea,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Flatulence,Bloating,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Empty the granules in a glass of water/milk, stir it and consume immediately. Darolac Sachet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,Darolac Sachet is a probiotic. It works by restoring the balance of good bacteria in the intestine that may get upset after antibiotic use or due to intestinal infections.
Doxinate Plus Tablet,30 tablets in 1 strip,Maneesh Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Doxylamine (10mg) + Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine) (10mg) + Folic Acid (2.5mg),",231.1,nausea and vomiting in pregnancy," Nausea and vomiting in pregnancy,","Folybus 10mg/10mg/2.5mg Tablet,Nauscura Tablet,Sysfol Plus Tablet,Dosic 10mg/10mg/2.5mg Tablet,Feelnise 10mg/10mg/2.5mg Tablet,","Dryness in mouth,Constipation,Drowsiness,Lightheadedness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Doxinate Plus Tablet is to be taken with food.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Doxinate Plus Tablet is a combination of three medicines: doxylamine, vitamin B6 (pyridoxine) and folic acid, which treats nausea and vomiting associated with pregnancy. Doxylamine is an antihistamine which works by blocking the action of a chemical messenger (histamine), thereby controlling nausea, vomiting, and dizziness. Pyridoxine (vitamin B6) is a form of vitamin B which possesses anti-nausea properties. Folic is also a form of vitamin B which provides essential nutrients."
Dermiford Cream,tube of 15 gm Cream,Leeford Healthcare Ltd,"Clobetasol (0.05% w/w) + Gentamicin (0.1% w/w) + Clioquinol (Iodochlorhydroxyquin) (1% w/w) + Ketoconazole (1% w/w) + Tolnaftate (1% w/w),",80.0,skin infections," Skin infections,","Ketopoz Total Cream,","Thinning of skin,Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Dermiford Cream is a combination of five medicines: Clobetasol, Gentamicin, Clioquinol (Iodochlorhydroxyquin), Ketoconazole, and Tolnaftate. Clobetasol is a steroid. It works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Gentamicin is an antibiotic which kills bacteria by preventing the synthesis of essential proteins required by bacteria to carry out vital functions.
Ketoconazole, Clioquinol, and Tolnaftate are antifungal medicines. Ketoconazole kills and stops the growth of the fungi by destroying its cell membrane, thereby treating your skin infection. Clioquinol acts by interacting with DNA synthesis thus killing the fungi that are responsible for causing the infection. Tolnaftate prevents growth of fungal cell-wall. It also prevents forming fungal colonies. This is how it causes death of fungi and relieves your infection."
Dizone Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Ozone Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Disulfiram (250mg),",33.63,alcohol addiction," Alcohol addiction,","Antadict 250mg Tablet,Firam 250mg Tablet,Zanofiram 250mg Tablet,Lifexone 250mg Tablet,D Sulf 250mg Tablet,","Headache,Fatigue,Drowsiness,Metallic taste,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Dizone Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Dizone Tablet blocks the chemical which breaks the converted form of alcohol in the body. This leads to an increased level of converted form of alcohol in the body causing bad physical features while drinking alcohol.
Domstal Suspension,30 ml in 1 bottle,Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Domperidone (1mg/ml),",36.05,"gastroesophageal reflux disease (acid reflux), indigestion, nausea, vomiting"," Gastroesophageal reflux disease (Acid reflux), Indigestion, Nausea, Vomiting,","Emitin 1mg/ml Suspension,Motiwin 1mg/ml Suspension,Domne 1mg/ml Suspension,Emstal 1mg/ml Suspension,Nausidome 1mg/ml Suspension,","Dryness in mouth,Headache,Drowsiness,Stomach cramp,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Domstal Suspension is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Domstal Suspension is a prokinetic. It works on the region in the brain that controls vomiting. It also acts on the upper digestive tract to increase the movement of the stomach and intestines, allowing food to move more easily through the stomach."
Doxy-1 L-Dr Forte Capsule,10 capsules in 1 strip,USV Ltd,"Doxycycline (100mg) + Lactobacillus (5Billion Spores),",95.25,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Lenteclin LB 100mg Capsule,Revidox-LB Capsule,Microdox-LBX Capsule,Doxiwe LN 100mg Capsule,Nixidox Capsule,","Diarrhea,Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain,Photosensitivity,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Doxy-1 L-Dr Forte Capsule may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Doxy-1 L-Dr Forte Capsule is a combination of two medicines: Doxycycline and Lactobacillus. Doxycycline is an antibiotic which stops bacterial growth by preventing the synthesis of essential proteins required by the bacteria to carry out vital functions. Lactobacillus is a live microorganism which restores the balance of good bacteria in the intestine that may get upset with antibiotic use or due to intestinal infections.
Disperzyme Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Aksigen Hospital Care,"Bromelain (180mg) + Trypsin (96mg) + Rutoside (200mg),",689.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Edinase  -DS Tablet,Bromin Tablet,Ryptosid Tablet,Rubrosin Tablet,Jubiflam Forte Tablet,","No common side effects seen,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Disperzyme Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Disperzyme Tablet is a combination of two enzymes (Bromelain, Trypsin), and an antioxidant (Rutoside).The enzymes work by increasing the blood supply to the affected area and help the body produce substances that fight pain and swelling. The antioxidant protects the body from damage by chemicals (free radicals) and further reduces swelling."
Dubinor Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Integrace Pvt Ltd,"Pregabalin (75mg) + Nortriptyline (10mg) + Methylcobalamin (1500mcg),",206.0,neuropathic pain," Neuropathic pain,","Pregabanyl NTM Tablet,Resner Plus Tablet,Nurator Tablet,Regnor-Mnt Tablet,Torner NT 75mg/10mg/1500mcg Tablet,","Constipation,Weight gain,Orthostatic hypotension (sudden lowering of blood pressure on standing),Increased heart rate,Dizziness,Sleepiness,Tiredness,Blurred vision,Dryness in mouth,Difficulty in urination,Uncoordinated body movements,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Dubinor Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Dubinor Tablet is a combination of three medicines: Pregabalin, Nortriptyline and Methylcobalamin. Pregabalin is an alpha 2 delta ligand which decreases pain by modulating calcium channel activity of the nerve cells. Nortriptyline is a tricyclic antidepressant which increases the levels of chemical messengers (serotonin and noradrenaline) that stop the movement of pain signals in the brain. Methylcobalamin is a form of vitamin B which helps in the production of myelin, a substance that protects nerve fibers and rejuvenates damaged nerve cells. Together, they relieve neuropathic pain (pain from damaged nerves)."
Dexona Injection,2 ml in 1 packet,Zydus Cadila,"Dexamethasone (4mg/ml),",10.4,"inflammatory conditions, autoimmune conditions"," Inflammatory conditions, Autoimmune conditions,","Dekadron Injection,Dekadron Injection,Dexaspan 4mg Injection,Dekadron Injection,Dexahim 4mg/ml Injection,","Electrolyte imbalance,Musculoskeletal (bone, muscle or joint) pain,Gastrointestinal disorder,Skin disorder,Neurological disorder,Menstrual disorder,Abnormal hair growth,Glaucoma,",Your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine. Kindly do not self administer. ,HORMONES,Dexona Injection is a steroid which works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers in the body that cause inflammation (redness and swelling) and allergies.
Dermi 5 Cream,15 gm in 1 tube,Universal Twin Labs,"Clobetasol (0.05% w/w) + Gentamicin (0.1% w/w) + Clotrimazole (1% w/w) + Clioquinol (Iodochlorhydroxyquin) (1% w/w) + Tolnaftate (1% w/w),",49.5,skin infections," Skin infections,","Dava Derm Cream,Dermifree Cream,Dermigo 5 Cream,Dermicraft 5C Cream,Vobate Total Cream,","Thinning of skin,Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Dermi 5 Cream is a combination of five medicines: Clobetasol, Gentamicin, Clotrimazole, Clioquinol (Iodochlorhydroxyquin) and Tolnaftate. Clobetasol is a steroid. It blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Gentamicin is an antibiotic which kills bacteria that cause skin infections. Clotrimazole and Tolnaftate are antifungal medications which specifically stop the growth of fungi on skin. Clioquinol (Iodochlorhydroxyquin) is an antibiotic with additional antifungal action. It works by preventing the growth and multiplication of the both bacteria and fungi. This treats your skin infection effectively."
Diclofenac Sodium 50mg Tablet,1 Tablet in 1 strip,Troikaa Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Diclofenac (50mg),",16.5,pain relief,"Pain relief,","NAC 50 Tablet,Eldofen 50mg Tablet,Rolod K 50mg Tablet,Dairo 50mg Tablet,Inac 50 Tablet,","Edema (swelling),Nausea,Headache,Dizziness,Vomiting,Itching,Flatulence,Indigestion,Pain in extremities,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Diclofenac Sodium 50mg Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Diclofenac Sodium 50mg Tablet is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling).
Dart Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Juggat Pharma,"Paracetamol (300mg) + Caffeine (50mg) + Phenazone (150mg),",28.8,headache," Headache,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Increased heart rate,Restlessness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Dart Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Dart Tablet is a combination of three medicines: Paracetamol, Phenazone and Caffeine which relieve headache. Paracetamol and Phenazone work by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause fever, pain and inflammation (redness and swelling). Caffeine narrows the blood vessels in the brain to reduce headache."
Diclomol Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Win-Medicare Pvt Ltd,"Diclofenac (50mg) + Paracetamol (325mg),",85.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Diclowin Plus Tablet,Dolojust 50mg/325mg Tablet,Paraross-D-Plus Tablet,Reactin Plus Tablet,Maxrel Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Heartburn,Diarrhea,Loss of appetite,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Diclomol Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Diclomol Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Diclofenac and Paracetamol. These medicines work by blocking the action of chemical messengers responsible for pain, fever and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Dazit Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Desloratadine (5mg),",93.0,allergic conditions," Allergic conditions,","Desogold 5mg Tablet,Alenix 5 Tablet,Lorday Tablet,Nucope 5mg Tablet,Eslot 5mg Tablet,","Sleepiness,Dizziness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Dazit Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Dazit Tablet is an antihistaminic medication. It treats allergy symptoms such as itching, swelling, and rashes by blocking the effects of a chemical messenger (histamine) in the body."
Duzela 20 Capsule DR,10 Capsule DR in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Duloxetine (20mg),",115.0,"depression, anxiety disorder, diabetic nerve pain, fibromyalgia, neuropathic pain, stress urinary incontinence"," Depression, Anxiety disorder, Diabetic nerve pain, Fibromyalgia, Neuropathic pain, Stress urinary incontinence,","Duxet 20 Capsule DR,Duliva 20mg Capsule DR,Dulane 20 Capsule DR,Delok 20 Capsule DR,Dulot 20 Capsule DR,","Nausea,Headache,Dryness in mouth,Sleepiness,Dizziness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Duzela 20 Capsule DR may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Duzela 20 Capsule DR works by increasing the levels of chemical messengers (serotonin and noradrenaline), natural substances in the brain that help maintain mental balance and stop the movement of pain signals in the brain."
Deriphyllin Injection,10 injections in 1 packet,Zydus Cadila,"Etofylline (84.7mg) + Theophylline (25.3mg),",81.9,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd)," Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","Meriphyllin Injection,Delin 84.7mg/25.3mg Injection,Etobrosmin 84.7mg/25.3mg Injection,Regaphylline Injection,Duophylline 84.7mg/25.3mg Injection,","Nausea,Vomiting,Headache,Restlessness,",Your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine. Kindly do not self administer. ,RESPIRATORY,Deriphyllin Injection is a combination of two bronchodilators: Etofylline and Theophylline. They work by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widen the airways. This makes breathing easier.
Diclowin Plus Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Wings Biotech Ltd,"Diclofenac (50mg) + Paracetamol (325mg),",20.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Dolojust 50mg/325mg Tablet,Paraross-D-Plus Tablet,Reactin Plus Tablet,Maxrel Tablet,Intagesic 50 mg/325 mg Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Heartburn,Diarrhea,Loss of appetite,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Diclowin Plus Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Diclowin Plus Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Diclofenac and Paracetamol. These medicines work by blocking the action of chemical messengers responsible for pain, fever and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Domstal Baby Oral Drops,5 ml in 1 bottle,Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Domperidone (10mg/ml),",76.05,"indigestion, nausea, vomiting"," Indigestion, Nausea, Vomiting,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Headache,Dryness in mouth,Stomach pain,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a marked dropper and take it as directed.  Domstal Baby Oral Drops is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Domstal Baby Oral Drops is a prokinetic. It works on the region in the brain that controls vomiting. It also acts on the upper digestive tract to increase the movement of the stomach and intestines, allowing food to move more easily through the stomach."
Dexona Tablet,30 tablets in 1 strip,Zydus Cadila,"Dexamethasone (0.5mg),",6.38,"inflammatory conditions, autoimmune conditions"," Inflammatory conditions, Autoimmune conditions,","Dexagee 0.5mg Tablet,Eurodex 0.5mg Tablet,Dexalide 0.5mg Tablet,Dexahim 0.5mg Tablet,Decdan 0.5mg Tablet,","Cardiovascular complications,Metabolic disorder,Infection,Hiccup,Decreased sperm count,Cushing syndrome,Electrolyte imbalance,Musculoskeletal (bone, muscle or joint) pain,Gastrointestinal disorder,Skin disorder,Neurological disorder,Menstrual disorder,Abnormal hair growth,Glaucoma,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Dexona Tablet is to be taken with food.",HORMONES,Dexona Tablet is a steroid which works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers in the body that cause inflammation (redness and swelling) and allergies.
Hifenac-P Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Aceclofenac (100mg) + Paracetamol (325mg),",90.5,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Dolostat PC 100 mg/325 mg Tablet,Topnac P Tablet,Arflur-P Tablet,XREL Tablet,Willgo P Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Loss of appetite,Heartburn,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Hifenac-P Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Hifenac-P Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Aceclofenac and Paracetamol. These medicines work by blocking the action of chemical messengers responsible for pain, fever and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
HCQS 200 Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Ipca Laboratories Ltd,"Hydroxychloroquine (200mg),",99.78,"rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus (sle)"," Rheumatoid arthritis, Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE),","ZY-Q 200 Tablet,Rarex 200mg Tablet,Hydroquin 200mg Tablet,HQ-Star 200 Tablet,Axemal Tablet,","Blurred vision,Increased sensitivity to light,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. HCQS 200 Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,HCQS 200 Tablet is a Disease Modifying Anti-Rheumatoid Drug (DMARD). It works by suppressing the overactivity of the immune system that causes inflammation (swelling) and pain in the joints. This slows the progression of the underlying disease.
Hetrazan 100 Tablet,30 tablets in 1 strip,Pfizer Ltd,"Diethylcarbamazine (100mg),",44.39,"worm infections, filariasis"," Worm infections, Filariasis,","Esnotone Tablet,Dicarb 100mg Tablet,Benocide 100mg Forte  Tablet,Banocide Forte Tablet,Deecee 100mg Tablet,","Headache,Dizziness,Vomiting,Abnormal liver function tests,Nausea,Abdominal pain,Hair loss,Fever,Vertigo,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Hetrazan 100 Tablet is to be taken with food.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Hetrazan 100 Tablet belongs to a class of medications called anthelmintics. It kills the parasitic worms that cause parasitic worm infections as well as Filariasis. This helps to treat your infection.
Headset Tablet,2 tablets in 1 strip,Lupin Ltd,"Sumatriptan (85mg) + Naproxen (500mg),",115.35,migraine," Migraine,","Napros 85mg/500mg Tablet,Napcet 85mg/500mg Tablet,Throbexit Tablet,Naprosuma Tablet,Hedfree Tablet,","Nausea,Dizziness,Heartburn,Chest discomfort,Dryness in mouth,Weakness,Muscle stiffness,Drowsiness,Numbness of extremity,Arrhythmia (irregular heartbeats),Feeling hot,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Headset Tablet is to be taken with food.",NEURO CNS,Headset Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Sumatriptan and Naproxen that treat migraine. Sumatriptan is a selective 5HT1-receptor agonist which relieves headache by narrowing the widened blood vessels in the head. Naproxen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) which blocks the release of certain chemical messengers and decreases general inflammation and pain caused due to migraine.
Hifenac-MR Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Aceclofenac (100mg) + Paracetamol (325mg) + Chlorzoxazone (500mg),",85.0,muscular pain," Muscular pain,","Dolostat MR 100 mg/325 mg/500 mg Tablet,Arflur-MR Tablet,Nacease MR 100mg/325mg/500mg Tablet,Flextab MR 100 mg/325 mg/500 mg Tablet,Aclonova-MR Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Heartburn,Stomach pain,Diarrhea,Loss of appetite,Tiredness,Sleepiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Hifenac-MR Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Hifenac-MR Tablet is a combination of two pain relieving medicines (Aceclofenac and Paracetamol) and a muscle relaxant (Chlorzoxazone). The pain relieving medicines work by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling). The muscle relaxant works on the centers in the brain and spinal cord to relieve muscle stiffness or spasm, thereby improving muscle movement."
HP Kit,1 Kit in 1 packet,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Omeprazole (20mg) + Tinidazole (500mg) + Amoxycillin (750mg),",135.0,peptic ulcer disease," Peptic ulcer disease,","Tripcut Kit,Helikit 20mg/500mg/750mg Kit,Omoxitin Kit,Ulcikit 20mg/500mg/750mg Kit,Omepraz HP 20mg/500mg/750mg Kit,","Diarrhea,Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain,Flatulence,Dizziness,Tiredness,Headache,Skin rash,Dryness in mouth,Metallic taste,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label before use. HP Kit is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"HP Kit is a combination of three medicines: Omeprazole, Tinidazole and Amoxicillin, which treats stomach/intestinal ulcers due to bacterial infections. Omeprazole is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI) which reduces the amount of acid in the stomach and treats acid-related indigestion and ulcers. Tinidazole is an antibiotic which kills the bacteria and other microorganisms that cause infections by damaging their DNA. Amoxicillin is also an antibiotic which works by preventing the formation of the bacterial protective covering that is essential for the survival of bacteria in the human body. Together, they eradicate your infection effectively."
Hepamerz Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Win-Medicare Pvt Ltd,"L-Ornithine L-Aspartate (150mg) + Pancreatin (100mg),",221.0,indigestion," Indigestion,","Hepacure PN 150 mg/100 mg Tablet,Lopaserv-P Tablet,Orniliv 150mg/100mg Tablet,Livable-L 150mg/100mg Tablet,Renewliv P Tablet,","Nausea,Stomach pain,Bloating,Diarrhea,Constipation,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Hepamerz Tablet is to be taken with food.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Hepamerz Tablet is a combination of two amino acids (L-Ornithine L-Aspartate) and a digestive enzyme (Pancreatin). L-Ornithine works by reducing blood ammonia levels. This helps the diseased
liver carry out its function smoothly. L-Aspartate works by generating energy and helping in regeneration of damaged liver cells. Pancreatin aids in digestion of food."
Hyocimax-S Tablet,10 disintegrating strips in 1 strip,Zydus Cadila,"Hyoscyamine (0.125mg),",51.0,"peptic ulcer disease, irritable bowel syndrome,pain relief"," Peptic ulcer disease, Irritable bowel syndrome,Pain relief,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Constipation,Dizziness,Drowsiness,Dryness in mouth,Difficulty in urination,Lightheadedness,Headache,Blurred vision,Flushing (sense of warmth in the face, ears, neck and trunk),Increased sensitivity to light,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Do not handle the strips/film with wet hands. Keep it in your mouth but do not swallow it. Hyocimax-S Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Hyocimax-S Tablet is an anti-muscarinic. It works by decreasing the stomach secretions such as mucus and acids to relax the gut muscles. By doing this, it relieves abdominal cramps and pain."
Heptral 400mg Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Abbott,"Ademetionine (400mg),",1061.89,liver disease," Liver  disease,","Poinmeth 400mg Tablet,SAMPURE 400MG TABLET,INTASAM 400 MG TABLET,S-Methiwave 400 Tablet,Adefresh 400 Tablet,","Nausea,Diarrhea,Upset stomach,Constipation,Dizziness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Heptral 400mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",VITAMINS MINERALS NUTRIENTS,Heptral 400mg Tablet protects the liver cells from toxins and helps the liver to perform its normal functions.
Hepamerz Injection 10ml,5 injections in 1 packet,Win-Medicare Pvt Ltd,"L-Ornithine L-Aspartate (5gm),",1750.0,liver disease," Liver  disease,","Ortate 5gm Injection,Plv Injection,Hsn L 5gm Injection,Elbile 5gm Injection,Hepateez 5gm Injection,","Injection site reactions (pain, swelling, redness),",Your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine. Kindly do not self administer. ,GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Hepamerz Injection 10ml is a combination of two amino acids which works by protecting the liver from harmful chemical substances (free radicals), thus preventing liver damage."
Hifenac-D  Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Aceclofenac (100mg) + Paracetamol (325mg) + Serratiopeptidase (15mg),",116.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Vetory SP Tablet,Ibugesic ASP Tablet,Movon-SP Tablet,Anaflam Xps  Tablet,Dolokind AA Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain,Indigestion,Heartburn,Loss of appetite,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Hifenac-D  Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Hifenac-D  Tablet is a combination of three medicines: Aceclofenac, Paracetamol and Serratiopeptidase. Aceclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), and Paracetamol is an antipyretic (fever reducer). They work by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that cause pain and fever. Serratiopeptidase is an enzyme which works by breaking down abnormal proteins at the site of inflammation and promotes healing."
Hadensa Ointment,40 gm in 1 tube,Dollar,"Lanolin (100% w/w) + Lidocaine (1% w/w) + Menthol (1% w/w) + Thymol (0.5% w/w),",145.0,piles," Piles,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Limited data available,",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and gently massage the ointment. ,DERMA,Hadensa Ointment is a combination of four medicines. Lanolin is a skin moisturizer. It keeps the skin moist and makes the stool passing process easy. Lidocaine is an anesthetic agent that numbs the rectum for the painless release of feces. Menthol is also has a numbing effect along with that it provides a cooling sensation to relieve pain. Thymol is an antimicrobial. It kills infection-causing microorganisms to prevent infections. This is how Hadensa Ointment treats the symptoms of plies.
Histafree-M Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Montelukast (10mg) + Fexofenadine (120mg),",139.9,sneezing and runny nose due to allergies," Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies,","Emlukast-FX Tablet,Fixar 10mg/120mg Tablet,Histakind-M Tablet,Spiromont-F Tablet,Monadine Tablet,","Nausea,Diarrhea,Vomiting,Skin rash,Flu-like symptoms,Headache,Drowsiness,Dizziness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Histafree-M Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Montelukast is a leukotriene antagonist. It works by blocking the action of a chemical messenger called leukotriene. This reduces inflammation (swelling) in the airways and nose and improves symptoms. Fexofenadine is an antiallergic which blocks the action of another chemical messenger (histamine) responsible for runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing."
Hifenac Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Aceclofenac (100mg),",52.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Topnac 100mg Tablet,Acebid 100mg Tablet,Topflam 100mg Tablet,Acenal 100mg Tablet,Dolokind 100mg Tablet,","Vomiting,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Nausea,Indigestion,Diarrhea,Heartburn,Loss of appetite,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Hifenac Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Hifenac Tablet is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling).
Hexigel Mouth Gel,15 gm in 1 tube,Icpa Health Products Ltd,"Chlorhexidine Gluconate (1% w/w),",56.9,mouth infection," Mouth infection,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Taste change,Staining of teeth,Hard Dental Plaque,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. ,DERMA,"Hexigel Mouth Gel is an antiseptic that binds strongly to the surface of teeth, inner cheeks, and gums. It works by killing the harmful microorganisms that cause swollen gums, tartar, bad odor from the mouth, and other mouth infections."
Happi-D Capsule SR,strip of 10 capsule sr,Zydus Cadila,"Domperidone (30mg) + Rabeprazole (20mg),",150.0,"gastroesophageal reflux disease (acid reflux), peptic ulcer disease"," Gastroesophageal reflux disease (Acid reflux), Peptic ulcer disease,","Piltop-DSR Capsule,Geerab-DSR Capsule,Rabekind-DSR Capsule,Ulrab D 30mg/20mg Capsule SR,Drego-D Capsule SR,","Diarrhea,Stomach pain,Dryness in mouth,Headache,Dizziness,Flatulence,Weakness,Flu-like symptoms,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Happi-D Capsule SR is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Happi-D Capsule SR is a combination of two medicines: Domperidone and Rabeprazole. Domperidone is a prokinetic which works on the upper digestive tract to increase the movement of the stomach and intestines, allowing the food to move more easily through the stomach. Rabeprazole is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI) which works by reducing the amount of acid in the stomach which helps in the relief of acid-related indigestion and heartburn."
Histafree 120 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Fexofenadine (120mg),",99.0,"sneezing and runny nose due to allergies, allergic conditions"," Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies, Allergic conditions,","Zelgra 120 Tablet,Lcfex Tablet,Intrafen 120mg Tablet,Nexofex 120mg Tablet,Fexise 120mg Tablet,","Headache,Drowsiness,Dizziness,Nausea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Histafree 120 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Histafree 120 Tablet belongs to a class of medicines called antihistamines. It blocks the release of a chemical called histamine, which is responsible for causing inflammation and its associated symptoms such as itching, redness, swelling, and irritation."
Hicope Syrup,100 ml in 1 bottle,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Hydroxyzine (10mg),",71.5,"anxiety, skin conditions with inflammation & itching"," Anxiety, Skin conditions with inflammation & itching,","Ktrax 10mg Oral Solution,Hylerg Oral Solution,Hezirex Oral Solution,Hydrocute 10mg Oral Solution,Hizet Oral Solution,","Sedation,Nausea,Vomiting,Upset stomach,Constipation,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Hicope Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Hicope Syrup is an antihistaminic medication. In allergy, it works by blocking the action of a chemical messenger (histamine). This relieves allergy symptoms such as itching, swelling, and rashes. In short-term anxiety, it works by decreasing the activity in brain, thereby helping you feel relaxed/sleepy."
Hylosoft Eye Drop,10 ml in 1 packet,Neomedix Healthcare India Private Limited,"Sodium Hyaluronate (0.1% w/v),",425.0,dry eyes," Dry eyes,","HY 5  Eye Drop,Soha 0.1% Eye Drop,New Softvisc 0.1% Lubricant Eye Drop,Lupi-HA Eye Drop,Lubimoist Eye Drop,","Limited data available,",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Hold the dropper close to the eye without touching it. Gently squeeze the dropper and place the medicine inside the lower eyelid. Wipe off the extra liquid. ,OPHTHAL,Hylosoft Eye Drop is a lubricant. It moistens the eyes and provides temporary relief from burning and discomfort.
Histafree Suspension Raspberry & Vanilla,60 ml in 1 bottle,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Fexofenadine (30mg/5ml),",85.0,"sneezing and runny nose due to allergies, allergic conditions"," Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies, Allergic conditions,","Fenexia Suspension,Oregra Suspension,Algrot 30mg/5ml Suspension,Fexokast Suspension,Eltegra Suspension,","Headache,Drowsiness,Dizziness,Nausea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Histafree Suspension Raspberry & Vanilla is to be taken empty stomach.
",RESPIRATORY,Histafree Suspension Raspberry & Vanilla belongs to a class of medicines called antihistamines It blocks the natural chemical substance (histamine) produced in the body during an allergic state and subsides (lowers) your child’s immune system’s response to these conditions.
Homide Eye Drop,5 ml in 1 packet,Indoco Remedies Ltd,"Homatropine (2% w/v),",32.65,"eye examination,uveitis","Eye examination,Uveitis,","Homatrapar 2% Eye Drop,Homatropine Eye Drop,HA2 Eye Drop,Homarin Forte Eye Drop,Mydryn Eye Drop,","Stinging sensation,Burning sensation in eye,Increased sensitivity to light,",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Hold the dropper close to the eye without touching it. Gently squeeze the dropper and place the medicine inside the lower eyelid. Wipe off the extra liquid. ,OPHTHAL,Homide Eye Drop is used to dilate or enlarge the pupil of the eye so that the doctor can examine the back of the eyeball. It may also be used to reduce pain in certain eye conditions.
Bilazest M Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Abbott,"Bilastine (20mg) + Montelukast (10mg),",173.8,allergic conditions," Allergic conditions,","Belatin-M Tablet,Montemac BL 20mg/10mg Tablet,Bilacad M Tablet,Maxstine M 20mg/10mg Tablet,Bilajoy-M Tablet,","Limited data available,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Bilazest M Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Bilazest M Tablet is a combination of two medicines : Bilastine and Montelukast. Bilastine is an anti-allergic medication. It treats allergy symptoms such as itching, swelling, and rashes by blocking the effects of a chemical messenger (histamine) in the body. Montelukast works by blocking the action of leukotriene, a chemical messenger. This reduces inflammation in the airways to prevent asthma and relieve symptoms of allergies."
Brevoxyl Cream,tube of 20 gm Cream,Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Benzoyl Peroxide (4% w/w),",112.9,acne," Acne,","Paknet Creamy Wash,","Dry skin,Erythema (skin redness),Itching,Burning sensation,Skin peeling,Stinging sensation,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Brevoxyl Cream is an organic compound. It has a keratolytic property, i.e., it even out the uneven skin. When applied on acne, it releases oxygen which kills the bacteria. This is how it works to cure your acne."
Budesal 0.5mg Respules 2ml,packet of 5 respules,Cipla Ltd,"Levosalbutamol (1.25mg) + Budesonide (0.5mg),",219.6,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd),"Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","Budanour-L Respules,Nebulair Respules 2ml,Nebzmart BL Smartules 2ml,Derisal 0.5mg Respules 2ml,","Hoarseness of voice,Sore throat,Fungal infection of mouth,Respiratory tract infection,Headache,Muscle cramp,",Use this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Twist off the top of the respule/transpule and squeeze all the liquid into the nebulizer. It should be used right away after opening. ,RESPIRATORY,"Budesal 0.5mg Respules 2ml is a combination of two medicines: Levosalbutamol and Budesonide. Levosalbutamol is a bronchodilator which works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens the airways. Budesonide is a corticosteroid. It acts by stopping the release of certain natural substances in body that are responsible for inflammation (swelling) in the airways. Together, they make breathing easier."
Betadine Vaginal Pessaries,10 pessaries in 1 packet,Win-Medicare Pvt Ltd,"Povidone Iodine (200mg),",197.0,treatment and prevention of wound infection,"Treatment and prevention of Wound infection,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Wash and dry your vaginal area. Lie on your back and gently insert the pessary into the vagina as high as possible with or without the use of an applicator as mentioned in the label.  ,OPHTHAL OTOLOGICALS,Betadine Vaginal Pessaries is an antiseptic. It slowly releases iodine which kills or prevents the growth of infectious microorganisms in the vagina.
Bactoclav 625 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Micro Labs Ltd,"Amoxycillin  (500mg) +  Clavulanic Acid (125mg),",201.7,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Moxikind-CV 625 Tablet,Moxiforce-CV 625 Tablet,Mega-CV 625 Tablet,Fightox 625 Tablet,Duet 625 Tablet,","Vomiting,Nausea,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Bactoclav 625 Tablet is to be taken with food.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Bactoclav 625 Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Amoxycillin  and  Clavulanic Acid. Amoxycillin  is an antibiotic. It works by preventing the formation of the bacterial protective covering which is essential for the survival of bacteria.  Clavulanic Acid is a beta-lactamase inhibitor which reduces resistance and enhances the activity of Amoxycillin  against bacteria.
Brufen 200 Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Abbott,"Ibuprofen (200mg),",9.91,"pain relief, fever","Pain relief, Fever,","Ifen 200mg Tablet,Ibugrap 200mg Tablet,Tricofen 200mg Tablet,Sugafen 200mg Tablet,IBUFLAMAR 200MG TABLET,","Vomiting,Stomach pain,Nausea,Indigestion,Heartburn,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Brufen 200 Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Brufen 200 Tablet is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause fever, pain and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Buta Proxyvon Capsule,10 capsules in 1 strip,Wockhardt Ltd,"Diclofenac (50mg) + Paracetamol (325mg),",66.5,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Remicaps 50mg/325mg Capsule,Catagesic 50mg/325mg Capsule,Buta-Parecon Capsule,Nacdol 50mg/325mg Capsule,","Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Heartburn,Diarrhea,Loss of appetite,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Buta Proxyvon Capsule is to be taken with food.,PAIN ANALGESICS,"Buta Proxyvon Capsule is a combination of two medicines: Diclofenac and Paracetamol. These medicines work by blocking the action of chemical messengers responsible for pain, fever and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Budamate 400 Transcaps,30 transcaps in 1 bottle,Lupin Ltd,"Formoterol (6mcg) + Budesonide (400mcg),",216.68,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd)," Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Cough,Fungal infection of mouth,Headache,Hoarseness of voice,Increased heart rate,Musculoskeletal (bone, muscle or joint) pain,Nausea,Respiratory tract infection,Sore throat,Vomiting,","Trancaps must not be swallowed. Check the label for directions before use. Place the capsule at the base of transhaler, not in the mouthpiece. Twist the mouthpiece completely until your hear a click and breathe in deeply through the mouthpiece. Hold your breath for up to 10 seconds. If some powder remains in the transhaler repeat the process.",RESPIRATORY,"Budamate 400 Transcaps is a combination of two medicines: Formoterol and Budesonide. Formoterol is a long-acting bronchodilator which works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens the airways. Budesonide is a steroid. It works by stopping the release of certain chemical messengers that cause inflammation (swelling) of the airways. Together, they make breathing easier."
Baralgan NU Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sanofi India  Ltd,"Dicyclomine (20mg) + Paracetamol (500mg),",38.89,abdominal pain," Abdominal pain,","Ortispasm 20mg/500mg Tablet,Endospaz 20 mg/500 mg Tablet,Nucyclo 20mg/500mg Tablet,Spaswel 20mg/500mg Tablet,Dicdic-P Tablet,","Nausea,Dryness in mouth,Blurred vision,Sleepiness,Weakness,Nervousness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Baralgan NU Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Baralgan NU Tablet is a combination of two medicines: dicyclomine and paracetamol, which relieves abdominal pain and cramps. Dicyclomine is an anti-cholinergic which relaxes the muscles in the stomach and gut (intestine). It stops sudden muscle contractions (spasms), thereby relieving cramps, pain, bloating, and discomfort. Paracetamol is an analgesic (pain reliever) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain."
Buvalor 10mg Transdermal Patch,packet of 2 transdermal patches,Modi Mundi Pharma Pvt Ltd,"Buprenorphine (10mg),",2630.0,"moderate to severe pain, opioid (morphine) dependence"," Moderate to severe pain, Opioid (Morphine) dependence,","Bupatch 10mcg Transdermal Patch,Mutrans 10mcg/hr Transdermal Patch,Buprigesic Patch 10,Bupreplast 10mcg/hr Transdermal Patch,","Constipation,Dizziness,Drowsiness,Headache,Nausea,","Use this medicine in dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label before use. Make sure the skin is clean and dry. Remove the protective liner of the patch. Do not touch the sticky side. With sticky side down, place the patch evenly onto the skin. ",NEURO CNS,Buvalor 10mg Transdermal Patch is a opioid partial agonist. It prevents withdrawal symptoms in patients who stop taking opioid drugs by producing similar effects to these drugs. It also provides pain relief by acting on specific receptors in the brain that change how your body feels and responds to pain.
Brutaflam 90mg Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Etoricoxib (90mg),",116.9,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Etos 90 Tablet,Intacoxia 90 Tablet,Etocox 90 Tablet,Etosaid 90 Tablet,Torcoxia BCD 90 Tablet,","Oral ulcer,Bronchospasm,Increased liver enzymes,Esophagitis,Stomach pain,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Brutaflam 90mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Brutaflam 90mg Tablet is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) called COX-2 inhibitors. It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that are responsible for pain and inflammation (redness and swelling).
B Bact Ointment,5 gm in 1 tube,Wallace Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Mupirocin (2% w/w),",145.0,bacterial skin infections," Bacterial skin infections,","T-Bact 2% Ointment,Mupax 2% Ointment,Mupisoft Ointment,Bactisan 2% Ointment,M-Power Ointment,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and gently massage the ointment. ,DERMA,"B Bact Ointment is an antibiotic. It kills the bacteria that cause skin infections by preventing the synthesis of essential proteins necessary for survival of bacteria. Thus, it prevents the skin infection from spreading."
Bro-Zedex SF Syrup,100 ml in 1 bottle,Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd,"Guaifenesin (50mg/5ml) + Terbutaline (1.25mg/5ml) + Bromhexine (4mg/5ml),",137.0,cough with mucus," Cough with mucus,","Winnow X Syrup,Ascodex BR Syrup,Nefdyl X Syrup,Cosodril BT Syrup,Salmodil Plus Syrup,","Nausea,Diarrhea,Bloating,Indigestion,Vomiting,Stomach pain,Sweating,Dizziness,Headache,Skin rash,Hives,Tremors,Increased heart rate,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Bro-Zedex SF Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Bro-Zedex SF Syrup is a combination of three medicines: Guaifenesin, Terbutaline and Bromhexine, which relieves cough with mucus. Guaifenesin is an expectorant which decreases the stickiness of mucus (phlegm) and helps in its removal from the airways. Terbutaline is a bronchodilator. It works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens the airways. Bromhexine is a mucolytic which thins and loosens mucus (phlegm), making it easier to cough out. Together, they make breathing easier."
Bilanix Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Ajanta Pharma Ltd,"Bilastine (20mg),",128.0,allergic conditions," Allergic conditions,","Bilacalm Tablet,Bilachek Tablet,Antegy Tablet,Bilacad Tablet,Bilasoft Tablet,","Headache,Drowsiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Bilanix Tablet is to be taken with food.",RESPIRATORY,"Bilanix Tablet is an antiallergic medication. It treats allergy symptoms such as such as itching, swelling, and rashes by blocking the effects of a chemical messenger (histamine) in the body."
Bexol Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Trihexyphenidyl (2mg),",13.66,"parkinson's disease, drug induced abnormal movements"," Parkinson's disease, Drug induced abnormal movements,","Texy Tablet,Triphen 2mg Tablet,Hexylent Tablet,Tremnil 2mg Tablet,Pacitane Tablet,","Dryness in mouth,Nausea,Vomiting,Constipation,Blurred vision,Dizziness,Upset stomach,Headache,Difficulty in urination,Nervousness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Bexol Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
",NEURO CNS,"Bexol Tablet is an anticholinergic medication. It works by decreasing the activity of a chemical messenger (acetylcholine) in the brain. This improves muscle control and reduces stiffness in Parkinson's disease. It also improves movement disorder (restlessness, involuntary movements or muscle spasm) caused by certain other medicines."
Bandy Chewable Tablet,1 Chewable Tablet in 1 strip,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Albendazole (400mg),",8.6,parasitic infections," Parasitic infections,","Fozy 400mg Chewable Tablet,Indben 400mg Chewable Tablet,Albenzole 400mg Chewable Tablet,Zentel Chewable Tablet,Noworm Chewable Tablet,","Vomiting,Dizziness,Increased liver enzymes,Nausea,Loss of appetite,","Use it as advised by your doctor or check the label for directions before use. Take this medication by mouth. Chew it completely before swallowing, or as directed by your doctor. Bandy Chewable Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Bandy Chewable Tablet is an antiparasitic medication. It works by keeping the worms from absorbing sugar (glucose), thereby depleting their energy level. This causes the worms to die and treats your infection."
Beclomin Ointment,15 gm in 1 tube,Leben Life Sciences Pvt Ltd,"Beclometasone (0.025% w/w) + Miconazole (2% w/w),",39.0,skin infections," Skin infections,","Zovate M Ointment,Beclona Ointment,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and gently massage the ointment. ,DERMA,"Beclomin Ointment is a combination of two medicines: Beclometasone and Miconazole which treat skin infections. Beclometasone is a steroid  which blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Miconazole is an antifungal which stops the growth of fungi on the skin by preventing them from forming their own protective covering."
Bonista Cartridge,3 ml in 1 cartridge,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Teriparatide (250mcg/ml),",7117.5,osteoporosis,"Osteoporosis,","Tricium PTH RU 250mcg/ml Solution for Injection,Rockbon PTH Solution for Injection,Bonotiode 250mcg/ml Solution for Injection,","Joint pain,Injection site reactions (pain, swelling, redness),Nausea,Leg cramps,",Your doctor or nurse will guide you how to use this medicine. ,HORMONES,Bonista Cartridge is a synthetic form of a natural human hormone called parathyroid hormone (PTH). It works by increasing the number and activity of bone-forming cells (osteoblasts). This strengthens the bones and minimizes the risk of fractures.
Bromhexine Hydrochloride 8mg Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Ipca Laboratories Ltd,"Bromhexine (8mg),",61.1,respiratory tract disorders associated with viscid mucus," Respiratory tract disorders associated with viscid mucus,","Bisolvon 8mg Tablet,Bromex 8mg Tablet,","Irritation of ear,Allergic skin rash,Dizziness,Headache,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Bromhexine Hydrochloride 8mg Tablet is to be taken with food.",RESPIRATORY,"Bromhexine Hydrochloride 8mg Tablet is a mucolytic medication. It thins and loosens mucus (phlegm) in the nose, windpipe and lungs making it easier to cough out."
Bonmax PTH 750mcg Solution for Injection,3 ml in 1 cartridge,Zydus Cadila,"Teriparatide (750mcg),",8333.8,osteoporosis,"Osteoporosis,","Terifort 750mcg Solution for Injection,Osteri 750mcg Solution for Injection,Tereos 750mcg Solution for Injection,Bomastren Solution for Injection,","Joint pain,Injection site reactions (pain, swelling, redness),Nausea,Leg cramps,",Your doctor or nurse will guide you how to use this medicine. ,HORMONES,Bonmax PTH 750mcg Solution for Injection is a synthetic form of a natural human hormone called parathyroid hormone (PTH). It works by increasing the number and activity of bone-forming cells (osteoblasts). This strengthens the bones and minimizes the risk of fractures.
Betadine Powder,10 gm in 1 bottle,Win-Medicare Pvt Ltd,"Povidone Iodine (5%),",131.5,treatment and prevention of wound infection,"Treatment and prevention of Wound infection,","Povicidal 5% Powder,WOCKADINE 5% POWDER,Zovi 5% Powder,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),",Use this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use.  ,OPHTHAL OTOLOGICALS,"Betadine Powder is an antiseptic applied on skin, which is infected or is likely to get infected. It works by slowly releasing iodine which kills or prevents the growth of infectious microorganisms."
Betnovate-S Ointment,20 gm in 1 tube,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Betamethasone (0.1% w/w) + Salicylic Acid (3% w/w),",33.05,"eczema,psoriasis","Eczema,Psoriasis,","Betasalic Ointment,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and gently massage the ointment. ,DERMA,"Betnovate-S Ointment is a combination of two medicines: Betamethasone and Salicylic Acid which treat eczema and psoriasis. Betamethasone is a steroid which blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Salicylic Acid is a keratolytic medicine which breaks down keratin clumps, removes dead skin cells and softens the skin. It also enhances the absorption of Betamethasone into the skin."
Benadryl DR Syrup,100 ml in 1 bottle,Johnson & Johnson Ltd,"Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide (15mg/5ml),",112.0,dry cough,"Dry cough,","Lastuss LA Syrup,Tusstat 15mg/5ml Syrup,Suntuss DR Syrup,Tussalyte Syrup,","Sleepiness,Dizziness,Confusion,Nausea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Benadryl DR Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,Benadryl DR Syrup is an antitussive (cough suppressants). It suppresses cough by reducing the activity of cough centre in the brain.
Brinzotim Eye Drop,5 ml in 1 packet,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Brinzolamide (1% w/v) + Timolol (0.5% w/v),",425.0,"ocular hypertension,glaucoma","Ocular hypertension,Glaucoma,","Brinzox-T Eye Drop,","Itching,Irritation,Stinging sensation,Burning sensation in eye,Blurred vision,Eye redness,Taste change,",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Hold the dropper close to the eye without touching it. Gently squeeze the dropper and place the medicine inside the lower eyelid. Wipe off the extra liquid. ,OPHTHAL,"Brinzotim Eye Drop is a combination of two medicines: Brinzolamide and Timolol. Brinzolamide is a carbonic anhydrase inhibitor while Timolol is a beta blocker. They work by decreasing the production of aqueous humour (fluid in the eye), thereby lowering the increased eye pressure."
Intagesic-MR Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Chlorzoxazone (250mg) + Diclofenac (50mg) + Paracetamol (325mg),",94.0,pain due to muscle spasm," Pain due to muscle spasm,","Dicloemm-MR Tablet,Abinac-Plus Tablet,Pradic MR 250mg/50mg/325mg Tablet,Figogesic MR 250mg/50mg/325mg Tablet,Zeldinac-MR Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Heartburn,Stomach pain,Diarrhea,Loss of appetite,Dryness in mouth,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Intagesic-MR Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Intagesic-MR Tablet is a combination of a muscle relaxant (Chlorzoxazone) and two pain relieving medicines (Diclofenac and Paracetamol). The muscle relaxant works on the centers in the brain and spinal cord to relieve muscle stiffness or spasm, thereby improving movement of muscles. The pain relieving medicines work by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Ibugesic Plus Oral Suspension Orange,60 ml in 1 bottle,Cipla Ltd,"Ibuprofen (100mg) + Paracetamol (162.5mg),",35.86,"pain relief, fever","Pain relief, Fever,","Gexophen Oral Suspension,Ibuzit-P Oral Suspension,Busil Oral Suspension,Ibusin Oral Suspension,Ibudence Oral Suspension,","Nausea,Vomiting,Abdominal pain,Heartburn,Diarrhea,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Ibugesic Plus Oral Suspension Orange is to be taken with food.,PAIN ANALGESICS,"Ibugesic Plus Oral Suspension Orange is a combination of two medicines: Ibuprofen and Paracetamol. It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause fever, pain and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Indocap SR Capsule,10 capsule sr in 1 strip,Jagsonpal Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Indomethacin (75mg),",125.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Indodrin 75mg Capsule SR,Ancap 75mg Capsule SR,Artid 75mg Capsule SR,Indonet 75mg Capsule SR,Indoset 75mg Capsule SR,","Visual disturbance,Vomiting,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Nausea,Indigestion,Dizziness,Drowsiness,Visual disorder,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Indocap SR Capsule is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Indocap SR Capsule is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling).
Imodium Capsule,4 capsules in 1 strip,Janssen Pharmaceuticals,"Loperamide (2mg),",15.8,diarrhea,"Diarrhea,","Lomid 2mg Capsule,Loopra 2mg Capsule,Loprapil 2mg Capsule,Lopidus Capsule,Lomax 2mg Capsule,","Constipation,Nausea,Headache,Stomach pain,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Imodium Capsule may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Imodium Capsule is an anti-diarrhoeal medication. It works by slowing down the contraction of the intestines thereby decreasing the speed at which the contents pass through it. This allows more time for reabsorption of fluids and nutrients, making the stools more solid and less frequent."
Ibugesic Plus Tablet,strip of 15 tablets,Cipla Ltd,"Ibuprofen (400mg) + Paracetamol (325mg),",17.05,"pain relief, fever","Pain relief, Fever,","Bruceta Forte Tablet,Answell 400 mg/325 mg Tablet,Bruace 400 mg/325 mg Tablet,Rupar 400 mg/325 mg Tablet,Brufamol Tablet,","Heartburn,Indigestion,Nausea,Stomach pain,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Ibugesic Plus Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Ibugesic Plus Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Ibuprofen and Paracetamol. It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause fever, pain and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Isotroin 20 Capsule,strip of 10 soft gelatin capsules,Cipla Ltd,"Isotretinoin (20mg),",299.0,acne," Acne,","Actinin O 20mg Soft Gelatin Capsule,Acnex 20 Capsule,Isotret 20mg Capsule,Finetret Soft Gelatin Capsule,Zenitoin 20 Soft Gelatin Capsule,","Dry skin,Increased liver enzymes,Rash,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Isotroin 20 Capsule is to be taken with food.",DERMA,"Isotroin 20 Capsule is a derivative of vitamin A. It acts on glands (sebaceous) to reduce the production of a natural substance (sebum) that causes acne. Also, the controlled sebum production kills acne-causing bacteria. It also works as an anti-inflammatory to decrease inflammation (redness and swelling)."
IT-Mac 200 Capsule,strip of 4 capsules,Macleods Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Itraconazole (200mg),",78.4,fungal infections," Fungal infections,","Afderm 200 Capsule,Candirap 200 Capsule,Itromed 200 Capsule,Canditral 200 Capsule,Syntran 200 Capsule,","Nausea,Common cold,Cough,Blurred vision,Menstrual disorder,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. IT-Mac 200 Capsule is to be taken with food.,OPHTHAL,IT-Mac 200 Capsule is an antifungal medication. It kills fungi by destroying the fungal cell membrane. This treats your skin infection.
Ibugesic Plus Oral Suspension Strawberry,bottle of 100 ml Oral Suspension,Cipla Ltd,"Ibuprofen (100mg) + Paracetamol (162.5mg),",45.38,"pain relief, fever","Pain relief, Fever,","Gexophen Oral Suspension,Ibuzit-P Oral Suspension,Busil Oral Suspension,Ibusin Oral Suspension,Ibudence Oral Suspension,","Nausea,Vomiting,Abdominal pain,Heartburn,Diarrhea,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Ibugesic Plus Oral Suspension Strawberry is to be taken with food.,PAIN ANALGESICS,"Ibugesic Plus Oral Suspension Strawberry is a combination of two medicines: Ibuprofen and Paracetamol. It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause fever, pain and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Imol Plus Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Zydus Cadila,"Ibuprofen (400mg) + Paracetamol (325mg) + Caffeine (25mg),",16.25,pain relief,"Pain relief,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Nausea,Indigestion,Stomach pain,Restlessness,Increased heart rate,Heartburn,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Imol Plus Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Imol Plus Tablet is a combination of two pain relievers (Ibuprofen, Paracetamol) and a stimulant (Caffeine). The pain relievers work by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling). The presence of Caffeine increases the effectiveness of Paracetamol / Acetaminophen."
Ibset Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Zydus Cadila,"Ramosetron (5mcg),",413.35,"nausea, vomiting, diarrhea"," Nausea, Vomiting, Diarrhea,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Constipation,Headache,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Ibset Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,Ibset Tablet is an antiemetic medication. It works by blocking the action of a chemical messenger (serotonin) in the brain that may cause nausea and vomiting during anti-cancer treatment (chemotherapy) or after surgery.
Ivrea Shampoo,30 ml in 1 bottle,Ajanta Pharma Ltd,"Ivermectin (0.5% w/v),",123.5,"head lice, parasitic infections","Head lice, Parasitic infections,","Ivernol Shampoo,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),No common side effects seen,",Use it as advised by your doctor or check the label for directions before use.  ,ANTI INFECTIVES,"Ivrea Shampoo is an antiparasitic medication. It works by binding to the muscle and nerve cells of worms, causing their paralysis and death. This treats your infection."
Idrofos 150 Tablet,3 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Ibandronic Acid (150mg),",795.0,osteoporosis,"Osteoporosis,","Bondria 150mg Tablet,Bonrise 150mg Tablet,Bandrone 150 Tablet,Bandrafos Tablet,Iba 150mg Tablet,","Headache,Musculoskeletal (bone, muscle or joint) pain,Heartburn,Diarrhea,Indigestion,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Idrofos 150 Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Idrofos 150 Tablet is a bisphosphonate. It works by suppressing the activity of osteoclasts, cells that cause destruction of bone. This strengthens the bones and minimizes the risk of fractures."
Isotroin 10 Capsule,strip of 10 capsules,Cipla Ltd,"Isotretinoin (10mg),",199.0,acne," Acne,","Isort 10mg Capsule,Isac 10 Capsule,Isoderma 10mg Capsule,Isozer Capsule,I Deriva 10mg Capsule,","Dry skin,Increased liver enzymes,Rash,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Isotroin 10 Capsule is to be taken with food.,DERMA,"Isotroin 10 Capsule is a derivative of vitamin A. It acts on glands (sebaceous) to reduce the production of a natural substance (sebum) that causes acne. Also, the controlled sebum production kills acne-causing bacteria. It also works as an anti-inflammatory to decrease inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Indocap Capsule,10 capsules in 1 strip,Jagsonpal Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Indomethacin (25mg),",55.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","DavaIndia Indomethacin 25mg Capsule,Inocin 25mg Capsule,Artisid 25mg Capsule,Indoriv 25mg Capsule,Ducain 25mg Capsule,","Visual disturbance,Vomiting,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Nausea,Indigestion,Dizziness,Drowsiness,Visual disorder,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Indocap Capsule is to be taken with food.,PAIN ANALGESICS,Indocap Capsule is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling).
IT-Mac 200 Capsule,8 capsules in 1 strip,Macleods Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Itraconazole (200mg),",189.0,fungal infections," Fungal infections,","Afderm 200 Capsule,Candirap 200 Capsule,Itromed 200 Capsule,Canditral 200 Capsule,Syntran 200 Capsule,","Nausea,Common cold,Cough,Blurred vision,Menstrual disorder,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. IT-Mac 200 Capsule is to be taken with food.,OPHTHAL,IT-Mac 200 Capsule is an antifungal medication. It kills fungi by destroying the fungal cell membrane. This treats your skin infection.
Iotim Plus Eye Drop,5 ml in 1 bottle,FDC Ltd,"Timolol (5mg) + Pilocarpine (20mg),",138.0,"glaucoma, ocular hypertension"," Glaucoma, Ocular hypertension,","Timolet Plus Eye Drop,","Blurred vision,Burning sensation in eye,Eye irritation,Stinging sensation,",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Hold the dropper close to the eye without touching it. Gently squeeze the dropper and place the medicine inside the lower eyelid. Wipe off the extra liquid. ,OPHTHAL,"Iotim Plus Eye Drop is a combination of two medicines: Timolol and Pilocarpine. Timolol is a beta blocker while Pilocarpine is cholinergic agonist. They work by decreasing the production of aqueous humour (fluid in the eye), thereby lowering the increased eye pressure."
Itralase 200 Capsule,strip of 7 capsules,Cipla Ltd,"Itraconazole (200mg),",211.75,fungal infections," Fungal infections,","Afderm 200 Capsule,Candirap 200 Capsule,Itromed 200 Capsule,Canditral 200 Capsule,Syntran 200 Capsule,","Nausea,Common cold,Cough,Blurred vision,Menstrual disorder,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Itralase 200 Capsule is to be taken with food.,OPHTHAL,Itralase 200 Capsule is an antifungal medication. It kills fungi by destroying the fungal cell membrane. This treats your skin infection.
Ivoral Forte Tablet,1 Tablet in 1 strip,Zydus Cadila,"Ivermectin  (12mg) +  Albendazole (400mg),",45.75,worm infections," Worm infections,","Benben Plus 12mg/400mg Tablet,Benver-I 12mg/400mg Tablet,Neben Plus 12mg/400mg Tablet,Iverchem-A 12mg/400mg Tablet,Evimectina Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Diarrhea,Loss of appetite,Increased liver enzymes,Itching,Dizziness,Swelling of lymph nodes,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Ivoral Forte Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Ivoral Forte Tablet is a combination of two antiparasitic medicines: Ivermectin  and  Albendazole. Ivermectin  works by binding to muscle and nerve cells of worms causing their paralysis and death.  Albendazole works by keeping the worms from absorbing sugar (glucose), so that they lose energy and die. This treats your infection effectively."
Ebast-M Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Micro Labs Ltd,"Ebastine (10mg) + Montelukast (10mg),",181.0,sneezing and runny nose due to allergies,"Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies,","Ebay-M Tablet,Ebal-M Tablet,Ebazide M 10mg/10mg Tablet,Monac E 10mg/10mg Tablet,Sibastin M 10mg/10mg Tablet,","Nausea,Diarrhea,Dryness in mouth,Vomiting,Skin rash,Headache,Drowsiness,Flu-like symptoms,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Ebast-M Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Ebast-M Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Ebastine and Montelukast, which treats sneezing and runny nose caused due to allergies. Ebastine is an antiallergic which blocks the action a chemical messenger (histamine) responsible for runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing. Montelukast is a leukotriene antagonist. It works by blocking the action of another chemical messenger (leukotriene). This reduces inflammation (swelling) in the airways and nose, and improves symptoms."
Etova 400 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Ipca Laboratories Ltd,"Etodolac (400mg),",96.55,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Etolife 400mg Tablet,Etoswift 400mg Tablet,Etofree 400mg Tablet,Freeup 400mg Tablet,Etios 400mg Tablet,","Visual disturbance,Vomiting,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Nausea,Indigestion,Dizziness,Drowsiness,Visual disorder,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Etova 400 Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Etova 400 Tablet is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling).
Etova-ER 600 Tablet,10 tablet er in 1 strip,Ipca Laboratories Ltd,"Etodolac (600mg),",199.5,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Etolife 600mg Tablet ER,Musran ER 600mg Tablet,Etofix 600mg Tablet ER,Etoron 600mg Tablet ER,Etozac 600mg Tablet ER,","Visual disturbance,Vomiting,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Nausea,Indigestion,Dizziness,Drowsiness,Visual disorder,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Etova-ER 600 Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Etova-ER 600 Tablet is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling).
Erytop Gel,20 gm in 1 tube,USV Ltd,"Clindamycin (1% w/w),",161.0,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Acneclin Gel,Aclind Gel,Acnesol Gel,Clindamycin Phosphate Gel,Clinrik Gel,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),Skin rash,Stomach pain,Nausea,Vomiting,Diarrhea,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the gel. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Erytop Gel is an antibiotic. It works by preventing synthesis of essential proteins required by bacteria to carry out vital functions. Thus, it stops the bacteria from growing, and prevents the infection from spreading."
Epidosin Injection,1 ml in 1 ampoule,TTK Healthcare Ltd,"Valethamate (8mg),",26.13,pain due to smooth muscle spasm,"Pain due to smooth muscle spasm,","Valeth 8mg Injection,Osdil 8mg Injection,Valthamet Bromide 8mg Injection,Diloton 8mg Injection,Valosin 8mg Injection,","Blurred vision,Increased heart rate,Dryness in mouth,Difficulty in swallowing,Urinary retention,Dilatation of pupil,Constipation,",Your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine. Kindly do not self administer. ,PAIN ANALGESICS,"Epidosin Injection is an anticholinergic medication. It works by blocking the effect of a chemical messenger (acetylcholine), thereby relaxing the smooth muscles of cervix and intestine."
Esofag-D Capsule SR,10 capsule sr in 1 strip,Micro Labs Ltd,"Domperidone (30mg) + Esomeprazole (40mg),",160.0,"gastroesophageal reflux disease (acid reflux), functional dyspepsia"," Gastroesophageal reflux disease (Acid reflux), Functional dyspepsia,","Esomefol-DSR Capsule,Esium D Capsule SR,Yees-D Capsule SR,Esmogud D 30mg/40mg Capsule SR,Esogress-D Capsule SR,","Diarrhea,Flatulence,Stomach pain,Dryness in mouth,Headache,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Esofag-D Capsule SR is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Esofag-D Capsule SR is a combination of two medicines: Domperidone and Esomeprazole. Domperidone is a prokinetic which works on the upper digestive tract to increase the movement of the stomach and intestines, allowing the food to move more easily through the stomach. Esomeprazole is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI) which works by reducing the amount of acid in the stomach which helps in the relief of acid-related indigestion and heartburn."
Elosone-HT Cream,15 gm in 1 tube,Leeford Healthcare Ltd,"Hydroquinone (2% w/w) + Mometasone (0.1% w/w) + Tretinoin (0.025% w/w),",125.0,melasma," Melasma,","Ultrabrite Cream,Skinshine Cream,Skinbrite Cream,Lookbrite  Cream,Etaze HT Cream,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Elosone-HT Cream is a combination of three medicines: Hydroquinone, Mometasone and Tretinoin, which treats melasma (dark spots on skin). Hydroquinone is a skin lightening medicine. It reduces the amount of a skin pigment (melanin) that causes darkening of skin. This effect is reversible. Mometasone is a steroid which blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Tretinoin is a form of vitamin A that helps the skin to renew itself more quickly."
Emty Oral Solution,200 ml in 1 bottle,Alkem Laboratories Ltd,"Lactulose (10gm),",230.12,"constipation, hepatic encephalopathy"," Constipation, Hepatic encephalopathy,","Livoluk Kid Oral Solution,Laxry 10gm Oral Solution,Lactolook Oral Solution,Livoluk Oral Solution,Evict Oral Solution,","Abdominal pain,Nausea,Vomiting,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Emty Oral Solution may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Emty Oral Solution works by drawing water into the intestine through osmosis, which makes the stool soft and easier to pass."
Econorm Capsule,6 capsules in 1 strip,Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd,"Saccharomyces boulardii (250mg),",221.0,diarrhea,"Diarrhea,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Bloating,Flatulence,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Econorm Capsule may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,Econorm Capsule is a probiotic. It works by restoring the balance of good bacteria in the intestine that may get upset after antibiotic use or due to intestinal infections.
Eflora Cream,15 gm in 1 tube,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Eflornithine (13.9% w/w),",899.0,facial hirsutism (excessive hair growth on face),"Facial hirsutism (Excessive hair growth on face),","Efnithin 13.9% Cream,Eflocare Cream,Hinder Cream,Eflite 13.9% Cream,Elyn Cream,","Acne,Itching,Hair loss,Stinging sensation,Dry skin,Rash,Paresthesia (tingling or pricking sensation),Irritation,Hair follicle inflammation,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,Eflora Cream stops the activity of a chemical involved in the production of hair on the face.
Etoshine 60 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Etoricoxib (60mg),",125.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Etos 60 Tablet,Etosaid 60 Tablet,Intacoxia 60mg Tablet,Coxnuro 60mg Tablet,Etozox 60mg Tablet,","Stomach pain,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Etoshine 60 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Etoshine 60 Tablet is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) called COX-2 inhibitors. It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that are responsible for pain and inflammation (redness and swelling).
Eumosone Cream,15 gm in 1 tube,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Clobetasone (0.05% w/w),",91.75,"skin conditions with inflammation & itching, skin disorders"," Skin conditions with inflammation & itching, Skin disorders,","Sterisone Cream,Butesone Cream,Lozee Cream,Paedisone 0.05% Cream,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Eumosone Cream is a steroid. It works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy."
Enzoheal Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Macleods Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Bromelain (90mg) + Trypsin (48mg) + Rutoside (100mg),",205.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Edinase  Tablet,Chymomerg Tablet,Afdiflam Tablet,Enzofit Tablet,Jubiflam Tablet,","No common side effects seen,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Enzoheal Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Enzoheal Tablet is a combination of two enzymes (Bromelain, Trypsin), and an antioxidant (Rutoside).The enzymes work by increasing the blood supply to the affected area and help the body produce substances that fight pain and swelling. The antioxidant protects the body from damage by chemicals (free radicals) and further reduces swelling."
Eyemist Eye Drop,10 ml in 1 bottle,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Hydroxypropylmethylcellulose (0.3% w/v),",208.0,dry eyes,"Dry eyes,","Lacryl Soothe Eye Drop,ITR Eye Drops,Irimist Ophthalmic Solution,Comoist Eye Drop,Vismist Forte Eye Drop,","Blurred vision,Eye irritation,Eye pain,Eye redness,Foreign body sensation in eyes,",This medicine is for external use only. Take it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Hold the dropper close to the eye without touching it. Gently squeeze the dropper and place the medicine inside the lower eyelid. Wipe off extra liquid. ,OPHTHAL,Eyemist Eye Drop is a lubricant. It works similar to natural tears and provides temporary relief from burning and discomfort due to dryness of the eye.
Eltroxin 25mcg Tablet,bottle of 60 tablets,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Thyroxine (25mcg),",85.9,hypothyroidism," Hypothyroidism,","Thyrochek 25mcg Tablet,Thyrosurz 25mcg Tablet,Lethyrox 25 Tablet,Thyrofit 25 Tablet,Thyrocut 25 Tablet,","Palpitations,Vomiting,Anxiety,Diarrhea,Flushing (sense of warmth in the face, ears, neck and trunk),Weight loss,Nervousness,Restlessness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Eltroxin 25mcg Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.",HORMONES,"Eltroxin 25mcg Tablet is a synthetic version of a hormone produced by the thyroid gland. It works by replacing the thyroid hormones that your thyroid gland cannot produce in a sufficient quantity, and relieves the symptoms of hypothyroidism (tiredness, weight gain, and depression)."
Ebast-DC Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Micro Labs Ltd,"Ebastine (10mg) + Phenylephrine (10mg),",112.0,sneezing and runny nose due to allergies," Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies,","Eba P 10mg/10mg Tablet,Erostin DC 10 mg/10 mg Tablet,Ebastmax P 10mg/10mg Tablet,Eebia P 10mg/10mg Tablet,Fabceto 10mg/10mg Tablet,","Headache,Dryness in mouth,Nausea,Vomiting,Tiredness,Sleepiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Ebast-DC Tablet is to be taken with food.",RESPIRATORY,"Ebast-DC Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Ebastine and Phenylephrine, which relieves sneezing and runny nose caused due to allergies.Ebastine is an antiallergic which blocks the action of a chemical messenger (histamine) responsible for runny nose, watery eyes, and sneezing. Phenylephrine is a decongestant which narrows the small blood vessels providing temporary relief from congestion or stuffiness in the nose."
Ebast 20 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Micro Labs Ltd,"Ebastine (20mg),",125.0,allergic conditions,"Allergic conditions,","Ebaset 20mg Tablet,Ebay 20 Tablet,Ebanorm 20mg Tablet,Ebtin 20mg Tablet,Amvibast 20mg Tablet,","Sleepiness,Headache,Dryness in mouth,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Ebast 20 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Ebast 20 Tablet is an antihistaminic medication. It treats allergy symptoms such as itching, swelling, and rashes by blocking the effects of a chemical messenger (histamine) in the body."
Etos MR Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Systopic Laboratories Pvt Ltd,"Etoricoxib (60mg) + Thiocolchicoside (4mg),",129.0,pain due to muscle spasm," Pain due to muscle spasm,","Etoxtan MR 60mg/4mg Tablet,Thioquest ET 4 Tablet,Brutaflam-MR 4 Tablet,Witori MR Tablet,Axces TH Tablet,","Diarrhea,Stomach pain,Indigestion,Flatulence,Swelling of hands,Feet swelling,Flu-like symptoms,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Etos MR Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Etos MR Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Etoricoxib and Thiocolchicoside, which relieves pain and relaxes the muscles. Etoricoxib is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling). Thiocolchicoside is a muscle relaxant. It works on the centers in the brain and spinal cord to relieve muscle stiffness or spasm and to improve pain and movement of muscles."
Ezact MR Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Etoricoxib (60mg) + Thiocolchicoside (4mg),",250.0,pain due to muscle spasm," Pain due to muscle spasm,","Etos MR Tablet,Etoxtan MR 60mg/4mg Tablet,Thioquest ET 4 Tablet,Brutaflam-MR 4 Tablet,Witori MR Tablet,","Diarrhea,Stomach pain,Indigestion,Flatulence,Swelling of hands,Feet swelling,Flu-like symptoms,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Ezact MR Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Ezact MR Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Etoricoxib and Thiocolchicoside, which relieves pain and relaxes the muscles. Etoricoxib is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling). Thiocolchicoside is a muscle relaxant. It works on the centers in the brain and spinal cord to relieve muscle stiffness or spasm and to improve pain and movement of muscles."
Etilaam 0.25 Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Etizolam (0.25mg),",37.5,"short term anxiety, insomnia"," Short term anxiety, Insomnia,","Etipax 0.25mg Tablet,Etimed 0.25mg Tablet,Sylkam 0.25mg Tablet,Etinap 0.25mg Tablet,Etizep 0.25mg Tablet,","Altered libido,Confusion,Depression,Drowsiness,Fainting,Headache,Muscle coordination impaired,Muscle weakness,Sedation,Slurred speech,Tremors,Visual impairment,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Etilaam 0.25 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Etilaam 0.25 Tablet is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Etizola Beta 0.5 Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Macleods Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Etizolam (0.50mg) + Propranolol (20mg),",82.8,anxiety disorder," Anxiety disorder,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Confusion,Memory impairment,Drowsiness,Slow heart rate,Tiredness,Uncoordinated body movements,Nightmares,Cold extremities,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Etizola Beta 0.5 Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.",NEURO CNS,"Etizola Beta 0.5 Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Etizolam and Propranolol. Etizolam is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of GABA, a chemical messenger which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in brain. Propranolol is a beta blocker which blocks the action of certain chemical messengers on the heart and blood vessels. This reduces heart rate, blood pressure, and strain on the heart."
Etova-ER 400 Tablet,10 tablet er in 1 strip,Ipca Laboratories Ltd,"Etodolac (400mg),",144.8,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Etosoft 400mg Tablet ER,ETOMAX 400 MG TABLET ER,Etosma 400mg Tablet ER,Gtolac 400 Tablet ER,Etomight 400mg Tablet ER,","Visual disturbance,Vomiting,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Nausea,Indigestion,Dizziness,Drowsiness,Visual disorder,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Etova-ER 400 Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Etova-ER 400 Tablet is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling).
Junior Lanzol 15mg Tablet DT,15 tablet dt in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Lansoprazole (15mg),",147.87,"gastroesophageal reflux disease (acid reflux), peptic ulcer disease"," Gastroesophageal reflux disease (Acid reflux), Peptic ulcer disease,","Lensokinz 15 Tablet DT Orange,Inolan Kid 15mg Tablet DT,Lansozex 15 Orally Disintegrating Tablet,Lanso 15mg Tablet DT,Lenz 15mg Tablet DT,","Nausea,Headache,Flatulence,Diarrhea,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Dissolve it in a glass of water before taking it. Junior Lanzol 15mg Tablet DT is to be taken empty stomach.,GASTRO INTESTINAL,Junior Lanzol 15mg Tablet DT is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI). It works by reducing the amount of acid in the stomach which helps in relief of acid related indigestion and heartburn.
Jointace DN Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Meyer Organics Pvt Ltd,"Glucosamine (750mg) + Diacerein (50mg) + Methyl Sulfonyl Methane (250mg),",352.0,osteoarthritis,"Osteoarthritis,","Ostovit DM  Tablet,Biojoynt Tablet,Dincerin Plus Tablet,Glucozone  Tablet,Cartimost-Gm Tablet,","Nausea,Diarrhea,Constipation,Indigestion,Heartburn,Urine discoloration,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Jointace DN Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Jointace DN Tablet is a combination of three medicines: Glucosamine, Diacerein and Methyl Sulfonyl Methane, which treats osteoarthritis. Glucosamine and Diacerein are proteoglycan synthesis stimulators while Methyl Sulfonyl Methane (MSM) is a nutritional supplement. Together, they help in the building of cartilage (the soft tissue around the joints) leading to joint repair. MSM additionally lowers inflammation (swelling) of the joints."
Just Tears Eye Drop,10 ml in 1 bottle,Sunways India Pvt Ltd,"Carboxymethylcellulose (0.5% w/v),",96.61,dry eyes," Dry eyes,","Lubistar-CMC Eye Drop,Relub Eye Drop,Irivisc Eye Drop,Lubrex Eye Drop,Add Tears Lubricant Eye Drop,","Eye irritation,Burning eyes,Eye discomfort,Eye itching,Eye pain,",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Hold the dropper close to the eye without touching it. Gently squeeze the dropper and place the medicine inside the lower eyelid. Wipe off the extra liquid. ,OPHTHAL,Just Tears Eye Drop is a lubricant. It works similar to natural tears and provides temporary relief from burning and discomfort due to dryness of the eye.
Junior Lanzol 30mg Tablet DT,10 tablet dt in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Lansoprazole (30mg),",174.21,"gastroesophageal reflux disease (acid reflux), peptic ulcer disease"," Gastroesophageal reflux disease (Acid reflux), Peptic ulcer disease,","Lanzosten 30mg Tablet DT,Lansojoy 30 Tablet DT,","Nausea,Headache,Flatulence,Diarrhea,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Dissolve it in a glass of water before taking it. Junior Lanzol 30mg Tablet DT is to be taken empty stomach.,GASTRO INTESTINAL,Junior Lanzol 30mg Tablet DT is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI). It works by reducing the amount of acid in the stomach which helps in relief of acid related indigestion and heartburn.
Jonac 100mg Suppository,5 suppositories in 1 packet,Zydus Cadila,"Diclofenac (100mg),",97.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Diclodyne 100 Suppository,Nacd 100mg Suppository,Fensupp 100 Suppository,Dynapar 100mg Suppository,Justin 100mg Suppository,","Anal irritation,Anal itching,Black colored stool,Edema (swelling),Nausea,Headache,Dizziness,Vomiting,Itching,Flatulence,Indigestion,Pain in extremities,",Remove the wrapper from the suppository before inserting it. Keep lying down for about 15 minutes after insertion so that the suppository does not come out before it melts.,PAIN ANALGESICS,"Jonac 100mg Suppository is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID) which is absorbed rapidly into the bloodstream from the rich blood supply of the rectal area. Once absorbed, it works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Justin 100mg Suppository,5 suppositories in 1 packet,Neon Laboratories Ltd,"Diclofenac (100mg),",75.5,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Diclodyne 100 Suppository,Nacd 100mg Suppository,Fensupp 100 Suppository,Dynapar 100mg Suppository,Jonac 100mg Suppository,","Anal irritation,Anal itching,Black colored stool,Edema (swelling),Nausea,Headache,Dizziness,Vomiting,Itching,Flatulence,Indigestion,Pain in extremities,",Remove the wrapper from the suppository before inserting it. Keep lying down for about 15 minutes after insertion so that the suppository does not come out before it melts.,PAIN ANALGESICS,"Justin 100mg Suppository is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID) which is absorbed rapidly into the bloodstream from the rich blood supply of the rectal area. Once absorbed, it works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Joint-D Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Rishab Healthcare pvt. Ltd.,"Glucosamine (750mg) + Diacerein (50mg) + Methyl Sulfonyl Methane (250mg),",125.0,osteoarthritis,"Osteoarthritis,","Ostovit DM  Tablet,Biojoynt Tablet,Dincerin Plus Tablet,Glucozone  Tablet,Cartimost-Gm Tablet,","Nausea,Diarrhea,Constipation,Indigestion,Heartburn,Urine discoloration,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Joint-D Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Joint-D Tablet is a combination of three medicines: Glucosamine, Diacerein and Methyl Sulfonyl Methane, which treats osteoarthritis. Glucosamine and Diacerein are proteoglycan synthesis stimulators while Methyl Sulfonyl Methane (MSM) is a nutritional supplement. Together, they help in the building of cartilage (the soft tissue around the joints) leading to joint repair. MSM additionally lowers inflammation (swelling) of the joints."
Justin AQ 75mg Injection,1 ml in 1 vial,Neon Laboratories Ltd,"Diclofenac (75mg),",19.4,pain relief,"Pain relief,","NAC -AQ Injection,Vivian 75mg Injection,Vivian Plus 75mg Injection,Lysoflam AQ 75mg Injection,Vivogesic AQ 75mg Injection,","Limb pain,Injection site reactions (pain, swelling, redness),Edema (swelling),Nausea,Headache,Dizziness,Vomiting,Itching,Flatulence,Indigestion,Pain in extremities,",Your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine. Kindly do not self administer. ,PAIN ANALGESICS,Justin AQ 75mg Injection is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling).
Colospa X Tablet,strip of 15 tablets,Abbott,"Mebeverine (135mg) + Chlordiazepoxide (5mg),",305.11,irritable bowel syndrome,"Irritable bowel syndrome,","Cizaspa-X Tablet,Ulcon-MV 135mg/5mg Tablet,Mebecon 135mg/5mg Tablet,Matiz Plus Tablet,Mebver-C Tablet,","Sleepiness,Drowsiness,Fatigue,Confusion,Uncoordinated body movements,Abnormality of voluntary movements,Skin rash,Slurred speech,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Colospa X Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,Colospa X Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Mebeverine and Chlordiazepoxide. Mebeverine is an antispasmodic medicine which relaxes the muscles of the intestine and relieves spasm. Chlordiazepoxide is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Candid-V Gel,30 gm in 1 tube,Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Clotrimazole (2% w/w),",122.0,"fungal infections of vagina, fungal infections","Fungal infections of vagina, Fungal infections,","Canazole-VG Gel,Vagilyte 2% Vaginal gel,Dermacan 2% Gel,Canditas-V Gel,Gynosis-V Gel,","Blisters,Skin peeling,Swelling,Application site irritation,",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the gel. Wash your hands after applying ,ANTI INFECTIVES,"Candid-V Gel is an antifungal medication. It kills and stops the growth of the fungi by destroying its cell membrane, thereby treating your infection."
Clearwax Ear Drop,10 ml in 1 bottle,Cipla Ltd,"Benzocaine (2.7% w/v) + Chlorbutol (5% w/v) + Paradichlorobenzene (2% w/v) + Turpentine Oil (15% w/v),",66.5,softening of earwax," Softening of earwax,","D Wax Ear Drop,Vaco Wax Ear Drop,Wax EL Ear Drop,Vovax Ear Drop,IG-Wax Ear Drop,","No common side effects seen,",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Hold the dropper close to the ear without touching it. Gently squeeze the dropper and place the medicine inside ear. ,OTOLOGICALS,"Clearwax Ear Drop is a combination of four medicines: Benzocaine, Chlorbutol, Paradichlorobenzene and Turpentine Oil. Benzocaine is a local anesthetic. It works by blocking pain signals from the nerves to brain which decreases sensation of pain. Chlorbutol is a preservative. Paradichlorobenzene is an ear wax softener which dissolves the ear wax while exerting antibacterial and antifungal actions. Turpentine Oil is a lubricant."
Clonafit Beta  Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Clonazepam (0.50mg) + Propranolol (20mg),",59.89,anxiety disorder," Anxiety disorder,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Confusion,Memory impairment,Drowsiness,Slow heart rate,Tiredness,Uncoordinated body movements,Nightmares,Cold extremities,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Clonafit Beta  Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
",NEURO CNS,"Clonafit Beta  Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Clonazepam and Propranolol. Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of GABA, a chemical messenger which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in brain. Propranolol is a beta blocker which blocks the action of certain chemical messengers on the heart and blood vessels. This reduces heart rate, blood pressure, and strain on the heart."
Candid-CL Vaginal Suppository,3 Vaginal Suppository in 1 packet,Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Clindamycin (100mg) + Clotrimazole (200mg),",146.0,syndromic vaginal discharge,"Syndromic  vaginal discharge,","Cans 3 Vaginal Suppository,Imidil-C Vaginal Suppository,Leezole VG Vaginal Softgel Capsule,VH 3 Vaginal Suppository,Clintas-CL Vaginal Suppository,","Vaginal burning sensation,Itching,Irritation,",Use this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Wash and dry the area. Lie down and gently insert the suppository into the area with or without the use of an applicator as mentioned in the label. You or your care giver may be taught on how to use this medicine at home. ,ANTI INFECTIVES,"Candid-CL Vaginal Suppository is a combination of two medicines: Clindamycin and Clotrimazole. Clindamycin is an antibiotic which stops bacterial growth in the vaginal tract by preventing the synthesis of essential proteins required by bacteria to carry out vital functions. Clotrimazole is an antifungal which stops the growth of fungi by preventing them from making their protective covering. Together, they treat your vaginal infection effectively."
Claribid 500 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Abbott,"Clarithromycin (500mg),",553.55,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Clarigard  500 Tablet,Maclar 500 Tablet,Clarinova 500 Tablet,Monoclar 500 Tablet,Clariblu 500mg Tablet,","Abdominal pain,Diarrhea,Headache,Nausea,Taste change,Vomiting,Indigestion,Rash,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Claribid 500 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.Avoid Claribid 500 Tablet with tyramine-rich food such as cheese, smoked fish, meats and some types of beer.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Claribid 500 Tablet is an antibiotic. It works by preventing synthesis of essential proteins required by bacteria to carry out vital functions. Thus, it stops the bacteria from growing, and prevents the infection from spreading."
Cremaffin Plus  Syrup,bottle of 100 ml Syrup,Abbott,"Sodium Picosulfate (3.33mg) + Liquid Paraffin (1.25ml) + Milk Of Magnesia (3.75ml),",90.0,constipation," Constipation,","Derelax Plus Syrup,Softools Syrup,Laxnova Plus Syrup,Lacofin P Syrup,Laxopin Syrup,","Diarrhea,Stomach pain,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Cremaffin Plus  Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Sodium picosulfate, liquid paraffin and milk of magnesia, which relieves constipation. Sodium picosulfate is a stimulant laxative which increases peristalsis (the wave-like movement of the intestines) to push the stools forward. Liquid paraffin is a lubricant laxative which helps retain water and fat in the stools, while milk of magnesia is an osmotic laxative which works by drawing water into the intestine through osmosis, making the stools soft. Together, they make stools easier to pass."
Cyra Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Systopic Laboratories Pvt Ltd,"Rabeprazole (20mg),",24.0,"gastroesophageal reflux disease (acid reflux), peptic ulcer disease","Gastroesophageal reflux disease (Acid reflux), Peptic ulcer disease,","Pepcia 20 Tablet,Rabium 20 Tablet,Rabonik 20 Tablet,Rabemac 20 Tablet,Rabifast 20 Tablet,","Diarrhea,Dizziness,Flatulence,Headache,Nausea,Sore throat,Stomach pain,Vomiting,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Cyra Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,Cyra Tablet is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI). It works by reducing the amount of acid in the stomach which helps in relief of acid related indigestion and heartburn.
Combiflam Suspension,60 ml in 1 bottle,Sanofi India  Ltd,"Ibuprofen (100mg) + Paracetamol (162.5mg),",36.95,"pain relief, fever","Pain relief, Fever,","Busil Oral Suspension,Ibusin Oral Suspension,Ibudence Oral Suspension,Paralic Plus Oral Suspension,Flexon Suspension,","Nausea,Vomiting,Abdominal pain,Heartburn,Diarrhea,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Combiflam Suspension is to be taken with food.,PAIN ANALGESICS,"Combiflam Suspension is a combination of two medicines: Ibuprofen and Paracetamol. It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause fever, pain and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Clop-G Cream,30 gm in 1 tube,Zydus Cadila,"Clobetasol (0.05% w/w) + Gentamicin (0.1% w/w),",32.34,bacterial skin infections,"Bacterial skin infections,","Colbet-G Cream,Powergen Cream,Cosvate G Cream,Cosvate G Cream,Bactiderm G Cream,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),Thinning of skin,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Clop-G Cream is a combination of two medicines: Clobetasol and Gentamicin, which treats bacterial skin infections. Clobetasol is a steroid medicine. It blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Gentamicin is an antibiotic. It stops bacterial growth by preventing the synthesis of essential proteins required by the bacteria to carry out vital functions."
Carnisure 500 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Levo-carnitine (500mg),",335.45,carnitine deficiency,"Carnitine deficiency,","Elkar Tablet,Vernace Tablet,K Tor 500mg Tablet,Carniglo 500mg Tablet,Carnisurge Tablet,","Vomiting,Nausea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Carnisure 500 Tablet is to be taken with food.",VITAMINS MINERALS NUTRIENTS,Levocarnitine belongs to the class of medications called as amino acid derivative. It works by improving the low levels of carnitine in the body.
Candibiotic Plus Ear Drop,5 ml in 1 packet,Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Beclometasone (0.025% w/v) + Neomycin (0.5% w/v) + Clotrimazole (1% w/v),",88.5,"ear infection, skin infections","Ear infection, Skin infections,","Qudraforce Plus Ear Drop,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Hold the dropper close to the ear without touching it. Gently squeeze the dropper and place the medicine inside ear. ,OTOLOGICALS,"Candibiotic Plus Ear Drop is a combination of three medicines: Beclometasone, Neomycin and Clotrimazole which treat ear infections. Beclometasone is a steroid which blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the ear red, swollen and itchy. Neomycin is an antibiotic which stops the growth of bacteria while Clotrimazole is an antifungal which stops the growth of fungi in the ear. Together, they treat your ear infection effectively."
Clop-G Cream,tube of 25 gm Cream,Zydus Cadila,"Clobetasol (0.05% w/w) + Gentamicin (0.1% w/w),",25.85,bacterial skin infections,"Bacterial skin infections,","Colbet-G Cream,Powergen Cream,Cosvate G Cream,Cosvate G Cream,Bactiderm G Cream,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),Thinning of skin,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Clop-G Cream is a combination of two medicines: Clobetasol and Gentamicin, which treats bacterial skin infections. Clobetasol is a steroid medicine. It blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Gentamicin is an antibiotic. It stops bacterial growth by preventing the synthesis of essential proteins required by the bacteria to carry out vital functions."
Cosvate-Gm Cream,20 gm in 1 tube,Oaknet Healthcare Pvt Ltd,"Clobetasol (0.05% w/w) + Gentamicin (0.1% w/w) + Miconazole (2% w/w),",28.31,skin infections," Skin infections,","Zinclovil Cream,Clop mg Cream,Mixderm G M Cream,Dermac gm Cream,Clovate gm Cream,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),Thinning of skin,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Cosvate-Gm Cream is a combination of three medicines: Clobetasol, Gentamicin and Miconazole, which treats skin infections. Clobetasol is a steroid medicine. It blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. It provides temporary relief of symptoms. Gentamicin is an antibiotic which kills bacteria by preventing the synthesis of essential proteins required by bacteria to carry out vital functions. Miconazole is an antifungal which stops the growth of fungi by preventing them from forming their own protective covering."
Cifran CT Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Ciprofloxacin (500mg) + Tinidazole (600mg),",132.0,bacterial & parasitic infections," Bacterial & parasitic infections,","Cipromed TZ 500 mg/600 mg Tablet,Nircip TZ Tablet,Cipsol TZ 500 mg/600 mg Tablet,Akcip TZ 500 mg/600 mg Tablet,Neoflox TZ Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain,Dryness in mouth,Metallic taste,Headache,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Cifran CT Tablet is to be taken with food.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Cifran CT Tablet is a combination of two antibiotics: Ciprofloxacin and Tinidazole. Ciprofloxacin works by preventing the bacterial cells from dividing and repairing, thereby killing the bacteria. Tinidazole kills parasites and anaerobic bacteria that cause infections by damaging their DNA. Together, they treat your infection effectively."
Colospa Retard Capsule,15 capsules in 1 strip,Abbott,"Mebeverine (200mg),",464.25,irritable bowel syndrome," Irritable bowel syndrome,","Mebia Retard 200mg Capsule,","Skin rash,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Colospa Retard Capsule is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,Colospa Retard Capsule relaxes the muscles of the intestine and relieves spasm.
Cizaspa-X Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Lupin Ltd,"Mebeverine (135mg) + Chlordiazepoxide (5mg),",87.95,irritable bowel syndrome,"Irritable bowel syndrome,","Ulcon-MV 135mg/5mg Tablet,Mebecon 135mg/5mg Tablet,Matiz Plus Tablet,Mebver-C Tablet,Ibonish 135mg/5mg Tablet,","Sleepiness,Drowsiness,Fatigue,Confusion,Uncoordinated body movements,Abnormality of voluntary movements,Skin rash,Slurred speech,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Cizaspa-X Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,Cizaspa-X Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Mebeverine and Chlordiazepoxide. Mebeverine is an antispasmodic medicine which relaxes the muscles of the intestine and relieves spasm. Chlordiazepoxide is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Crocin Advance Tablet,strip of 15 tablets,GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare,"Paracetamol (500mg),",15.28,"pain relief, fever","Pain relief, Fever,","Calpol 500mg Tablet,Dolo 500 Tablet,P 500 Tablet,Fepanil Tablet,Pacimol 500 Tablet,","Stomach pain,Nausea,Vomiting,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Crocin Advance Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Crocin Advance Tablet is an analgesic (pain reliever) and anti-pyretic (fever reducer). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and fever.
Cetil 500 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Lupin Ltd,"Cefuroxime (500mg),",943.95,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Cefoxim 500 Tablet,Zefu 500 Tablet,Bigcef 500 Tablet,Augxetil 500mg Tablet,Cefakind 500 Tablet,","Rash,Vomiting,Allergic reaction,Increased liver enzymes,Nausea,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Cetil 500 Tablet is to be taken with food.Avoid Cetil 500 Tablet with dietary sodium.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Cetil 500 Tablet is an antibiotic. It kills bacteria by preventing them from forming the bacterial protective covering (cell wall) which is needed for them to survive.
Cremalax Tablet,strip of 15 tablets,Abbott,"Sodium Picosulfate (10mg),",183.03,constipation," Constipation,","Picolax 10mg Tablet,SP Lax 10mg Tablet,Sopilax 10mg Tablet,Laxoclear Tablet,Picsul 10mg Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Headache,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Cremalax Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Cremalax Tablet is a laxative. It works by increasing the movement of the intestines, thereby facilitating the passage of stool."
Cheston Cold Total Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Cipla Ltd,"Ambroxol (30mg) + Levocetirizine (5mg) + Paracetamol (325mg) + Phenylephrine (5mg),",80.0,"respiratory tract disorders associated with viscid mucus, allergic conditions,pain relief, fever"," Respiratory tract disorders associated with viscid mucus, Allergic conditions,Pain relief, Fever,","Novee-Q 30mg/5mg/325mg/5mg Tablet,Levcet Cold Tablet,Velma Tablet,Novacold Total Tablet,L-Hist Total Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Upset stomach,Sleepiness,Fatigue,Dryness in mouth,Headache,Vomiting,Nasopharyngitis (inflammation of the throat and nasal passages),Nausea,Vomiting,Insomnia (difficulty in sleeping),Headache,Constipation,Itching,Nausea,Vomiting,Headache,",No Prescription found. Please contact doctor for expert advise.,RESPIRATORY,"Cheston Cold Total Tablet is a mucolytic medication. It thins and loosens mucus (phlegm) in the nose, windpipe and lungs making it easier to cough out.How Levocetirizine worksCheston Cold Total Tablet is an antihistaminic medication. It treats allergy symptoms such as itching, swelling, and rashes by blocking the effects of a chemical messenger (histamine) in the body.How Paracetamol worksCheston Cold Total Tablet is an analgesic (pain reliever) and anti-pyretic (fever reducer). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and fever.How Phenylephrine worksCheston Cold Total Tablet is a decongestant. It works by narrowing the small blood vessels which provides temporary relief from inflammation (redness and swelling) and discomfort."
Clinsol Gel,15 gm in 1 tube,Leeford Healthcare Ltd,"Clindamycin (1% w/w) + Nicotinamide (4% w/w),",85.0,acne," Acne,","Acnetoin Gel,Acneline Gel,Acnesol-NC Gel,Clindwin Gel,Acnay Gel,","Skin peeling,Dry skin,Erythema (skin redness),Burning sensation at the site of application,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the gel. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Clinsol Gel is a combination of two medicines: Clindamycin and Nicotinamide, which treats pimples (acne). Clindamycin is an antibiotic which works by penetrating into the skin and killing acne-causing bacteria. Nicotinamide is a form of vitamin B. It exerts anti-inflammatory effects when applied to the skin and reduces swelling, redness and tenderness associated with acne."
Codistar-DX Cough Syrup,100 ml in 1 bottle,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Chlorpheniramine Maleate (4mg/5ml) + Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide (10mg/5ml),",90.0,dry cough," Dry cough,","Corex DX  Syrup,Coriminic DM Syrup,Dilo-DX Syrup,Supko DX Syrup,Bricarex-DX Syrup,","Upset stomach,Sleepiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Codistar-DX Cough Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Codistar-DX Cough Syrup is a combination of two medicines: Chlorpheniramine Maleate and Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide, which relieves dry cough. Chlorpheniramine Maleate is an antiallergic which helps reduce cough associated with allergies by blocking the effects of a chemical messenger, histamine. Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide is a cough suppressant which relieves cough by reducing the activity of cough center in the brain."
Cefakind-CV 500 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Cefuroxime (500mg) + Clavulanic Acid (125mg),",449.9,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Cefaprime-CV Tablet,Zefu-CV 500 Tablet,Keftil CV 500mg/125mg Tablet,Exeption-CV 500mg/125mg Tablet,Cufexim CV 500mg/125mg Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Diarrhea,Increased liver enzymes,Allergic reaction,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Cefakind-CV 500 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Cefakind-CV 500 Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Cefuroxime and Clavulanic Acid. Cefuroxime is an antibiotic. It works by preventing the formation of the bacterial protective covering which is essential for the survival of bacteria in the human body. Clavulanic Acid is a beta-lactamase inhibitor which blocks the action of enzymes produced by bacteria to inactivate Cefuroxime. Addition of Clavulanic Acid reduces resistance and enhances the activity of Cefuroxime against bacteria.
Ketorol-DT Tablet,15 tablet dt in 1 strip,Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd,"Ketorolac (10mg),",133.5,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Dentaforce-DT Tablet,Melac 10mg Tablet DT,Myketro 10mg Tablet DT,Ketopher 10mg Tablet DT,Katgos 10mg Tablet DT,","Vomiting,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Nausea,Indigestion,Diarrhea,Heartburn,Loss of appetite,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Dissolve it in a glass of water before taking it. Ketorol-DT Tablet is to be taken with food.,OPHTHAL,Ketorol-DT Tablet is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling).
Kenacort 0.1% Oral Paste,5 gm in 1 tube,Abbott,"Triamcinolone (0.1% w/w),",82.75,mouth ulcers," Mouth ulcers,","Cinort 0.1% Oral Paste,Oraways Oral Paste,Tess Oral Paste,Turbocort Oromucosal Paste,","Application site irritation,",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. ,DERMA,"Kenacort 0.1% Oral Paste is a steroid. It works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers that cause inflammation (swelling), redness and pain in the mouth. It does so by sticking to the wet surfaces of the mouth and forming a protective film over the ulcer/injured surfaces."
Kenacort 40mg Injection,1 ml in 1 vial,Abbott,"Triamcinolone (40mg/ml),",154.5,"rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis"," Rheumatoid arthritis, Osteoarthritis,","P cort 40mg Injection,Makcort 40mg/ml Injection,Acecort 40mg Injection,Deltakort 40mg Injection,Presticort-T Injection,","Infection,Increased risk of infection,Headache,Joint pain,Injection site reactions (pain, swelling, redness),",Your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine. Kindly do not self administer. ,DERMA,Kenacort 40mg Injection is a steroid which works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers in the body that cause inflammation (redness and swelling) and allergies.
KT 5 Derm Cream,tube of 15 gm Cream,Laborate Pharmaceuticals India Ltd,"Clobetasol (0.5mg) + Gentamicin (1mg) + Clioquinol (Iodochlorhydroxyquin) (10mg) + Ketoconazole (20mg) + Tolnaftate (10mg),",72.0,skin infections," Skin infections,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Thinning of skin,Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"KT 5 Derm Cream is a combination of five medicines: Clobetasol, Gentamicin, Clioquinol (Iodochlorhydroxyquin), Ketoconazole, and Tolnaftate. Clobetasol is a steroid. It works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Gentamicin is an antibiotic which kills bacteria by preventing the synthesis of essential proteins required by bacteria to carry out vital functions.
Ketoconazole, Clioquinol, and Tolnaftate are antifungal medicines. Ketoconazole kills and stops the growth of the fungi by destroying its cell membrane, thereby treating your skin infection. Clioquinol acts by interacting with DNA synthesis thus killing the fungi that are responsible for causing the infection. Tolnaftate prevents growth of fungal cell-wall. It also prevents forming fungal colonies. This is how it causes death of fungi and relieves your infection."
Ketofresh CT Cream,tube of 15 gm Cream,Smart Laboratories Pvt Ltd,"Clobetasol (0.05% w/w) + Gentamicin (0.1% w/w) + Clioquinol (Iodochlorhydroxyquin) (1% w/w) + Ketoconazole (2% w/w) + Tolnaftate (1% w/w),",90.0,skin infections," Skin infections,","M Keto Cream,Dermiz-K5 Cream,Dermiact Cream,Dermicube Cream,Dermitek 5 Cream,","Thinning of skin,Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Ketofresh CT Cream is a combination of five medicines: Clobetasol, Gentamicin, Clioquinol (Iodochlorhydroxyquin), Ketoconazole, and Tolnaftate. Clobetasol is a steroid. It works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Gentamicin is an antibiotic which kills bacteria by preventing the synthesis of essential proteins required by bacteria to carry out vital functions.
Ketoconazole, Clioquinol, and Tolnaftate are antifungal medicines. Ketoconazole kills and stops the growth of the fungi by destroying its cell membrane, thereby treating your skin infection. Clioquinol acts by interacting with DNA synthesis thus killing the fungi that are responsible for causing the infection. Tolnaftate prevents growth of fungal cell-wall. It also prevents forming fungal colonies. This is how it causes death of fungi and relieves your infection."
KZ Cream,30 gm in 1 tube,Hegde and Hegde Pharmaceutical LLP,"Ketoconazole (2% w/w),",229.0,fungal skin infections,"Fungal skin infections,","Ketostar Cream,Ketoberg Cream,Uroketo 2% Cream,Kenozole Cream,Kenz Cream,","Skin peeling,Blisters on skin,Dry skin,Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"KZ Cream is an antifungal medication. It kills and stops the growth of the fungi by destroying its cell membrane, thereby treating your skin infection."
Keraglo - AD Anti-Dandruff Shampoo,75 ml in 1 bottle,Ipca Laboratories Ltd,"Ketoconazole (2% w/v),",324.0,fungal infections," Fungal infections,","KETOKOL SHAMPOO,Nuket Shampoo,Ketofly Shampoo,Ketol Anti-Dandruff Shampoo,Ketoco Shampoo,","Dryness,Hair discoloration,Abnormal hair texture,",Use it as advised by your doctor or check the label for directions before use.  ,OPHTHAL OTOLOGICALS,"Keraglo - AD Anti-Dandruff Shampoo is an antifungal medication. It kills and stops the growth of the fungi by destroying its cell membrane, thereby treating your skin infection."
Ketoford 2% Cream,15 gm in 1 tube,Leeford Healthcare Ltd,"Ketoconazole (2% w/w),",72.0,fungal skin infections,"Fungal skin infections,","Ketostar Cream,Ketoberg Cream,Uroketo 2% Cream,Kenozole Cream,Kenz Cream,","Skin peeling,Blisters on skin,Dry skin,Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Ketoford 2% Cream is an antifungal medication. It kills and stops the growth of the fungi by destroying its cell membrane, thereby treating your skin infection."
Keto Soap,50 gm in 1 packet,Med Manor Organics Pvt Ltd,"Ketoconazole (2% w/w),",103.0,fungal skin infections,"Fungal skin infections,","Ketofly Soap,Ketoberg Soap,Syscozole-KZ Soap,Protek  Soap,Kenz Soap,","Skin peeling,Blisters on skin,Dry skin,Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),",Use it as advised by your doctor or check the label for directions before use. ,DERMA,"Keto Soap is an antifungal medication. It kills and stops the growth of the fungi by destroying its cell membrane, thereby treating your skin infection."
Ketanov 10mg Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Ketorolac (10mg),",75.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Kelac 10mg Tablet,Fortral KT 10mg Tablet,Ketopher 10mg Tablet,Cadolac 10mg Tablet,KETOSCAN 10MG TABLET,","Vomiting,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Nausea,Indigestion,Diarrhea,Heartburn,Loss of appetite,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Ketanov 10mg Tablet is to be taken with food.",OPHTHAL,Ketanov 10mg Tablet is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling).
Ketomac Shampoo,110 ml in 1 bottle,Torque Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Ketoconazole (2% w/v),",234.0,fungal infections," Fungal infections,","KETOKOL SHAMPOO,Nuket Shampoo,Ketofly Shampoo,Ketol Anti-Dandruff Shampoo,Ketoco Shampoo,","Dryness,Hair discoloration,Abnormal hair texture,",Use it as advised by your doctor or check the label for directions before use.  ,OPHTHAL OTOLOGICALS,"Ketomac Shampoo is an antifungal medication. It kills and stops the growth of the fungi by destroying its cell membrane, thereby treating your skin infection."
Ketotram 10mg/25mg Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Medley Pharmaceuticals,"Ketorolac (10mg) + Tramadol (25mg),",85.5,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Ketotru Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Constipation,Indigestion,Weakness,Dizziness,Dryness in mouth,Sleepiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Ketotram 10mg/25mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Ketotram 10mg/25mg Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Ketorolac and Tramadol which relieve pain. Ketorolac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling). Tramadol is an opioid analgesic (pain reliever) which works by blocking transmission of pain signals to the brain to lower pain perception.
Kufril LS Syrup,100 ml in 1 bottle,Med Manor Organics Pvt Ltd,"Ambroxol (15mg/5ml) + Levosalbutamol (0.5mg/5ml) + Guaifenesin (50mg/5ml),",99.0,cough with mucus," Cough with mucus,","Mactuss LS Junior Syrup,Nakuf LS Syrup,Vestaryl Junior Syrup,Ambril Plus Syrup,Chericof-LS Junior Syrup,","Nausea,Vomiting,Diarrhea,Upset stomach,Stomach pain,Allergic reaction,Dizziness,Headache,Rash,Hives,Tremors,Palpitations,Muscle cramp,Increased heart rate,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Kufril LS Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Kufril LS Syrup is a combination of three medicines: Ambroxol, Levosalbutamol and Guaifenesin, which relieves cough with mucus. Ambroxol is a mucolytic which thins and loosens mucus (phlegm), making it easier to cough out. Levosalbutamol is a bronchodilator. It works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens airways. Guaifenesin is an expectorant which decreases the stickiness of mucus (phlegm) and helps in its removal from the airways. Together, they make breathing easier."
Ketoflam-P Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Lupin Ltd,"Flupirtine (100mg) + Paracetamol (325mg),",153.4,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Etiprin P Tablet,Lupart P 100mg/325mg Tablet,Flusan P 100mg/325mg Tablet,Flutense P 100mg/325mg Tablet,FLUCENT P 100MG/325MG TABLET,","Nausea,Vomiting,Constipation,Dryness in mouth,Dizziness,Headache,Sleepiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Ketoflam-P Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Ketoflam-P Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Flupirtine and Paracetamol, which relieves pain. Flupirtine is an analgesic (pain reliever) which works by blocking transmission of pain signals to the brain to lower pain perception. Paracetamol is an analgesic (pain reliever) and an anti-pyretic (fever reducer) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause fever and pain."
Keto-B Cream,10 gm in 1 tube,Med Manor Organics Pvt Ltd,"Beclometasone (0.025% w/w) + Ketoconazole (2% w/w),",122.0,fungal skin infections," Fungal skin infections,","Allyzole-B Cream,kitnor B Cream,Ketorg B Cream,Ketofine-B Cream,Knozole-B Cream,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Keto-B Cream is a combination of two medicines: Beclometasone and Ketoconazole, which treats fungal skin infections. Beclometasone is a steroid which blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Ketoconazole is an antifungal which stops the growth of fungi by preventing them from forming their own protective covering."
Ketorol SP Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd,"Aceclofenac (100mg) + Paracetamol (325mg) + Serratiopeptidase (15mg),",79.6,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Vetory SP Tablet,Ibugesic ASP Tablet,Anaflam Xps  Tablet,Dolokind AA Tablet,Aceclo Sera 100mg/325mg/15mg Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain,Indigestion,Heartburn,Loss of appetite,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Ketorol SP Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Ketorol SP Tablet is a combination of three medicines: Aceclofenac, Paracetamol and Serratiopeptidase. Aceclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), and Paracetamol is an antipyretic (fever reducer). They work by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that cause pain and fever. Serratiopeptidase is an enzyme which works by breaking down abnormal proteins at the site of inflammation and promotes healing."
KZ Lotion,50 ml in 1 bottle,Hegde and Hegde Pharmaceutical LLP,"Ketoconazole (2% w/v),",284.0,fungal skin infections,"Fungal skin infections,","Keto Lotion,Keticon Lotion,Senee TV Lotion,Ketotar Lotion,Iycotic Lotion,","Skin peeling,Blisters on skin,Dry skin,Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),",This medicine is for external use only. Use this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Shake it well and apply to the area evenly. ,DERMA,"KZ Lotion is an antifungal medication. It kills and stops the growth of the fungi by destroying its cell membrane, thereby treating your skin infection."
Kofarest-PD Syrup,60 ml in 1 bottle,Centaur Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Ambroxol (15mg/5ml) + Guaifenesin (50mg/5ml) + Terbutaline (1.25mg/5ml),",85.08,cough with mucus," Cough with mucus,","Lecof A Syrup,Rithmax BM Syrup,Kufril Syrup,Amrox Junior Syrup,Kind X Syrup,","Excessive salivation,Fatigue,Headache,Dizziness,Paresthesia (tingling or pricking sensation),Nausea,Vomiting,Diarrhea,Stomach discomfort,Arrhythmia (irregular heartbeats),Rash,Tremors,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Kofarest-PD Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Kofarest-PD Syrup contains three active medicines. Each ingredient present in this medicine plays a pivotal role. Ambroxol is a mucolytic that thins and loosens mucus (phlegm), making it easier to cough out. Guaifenesin is an expectorant that decreases the stickiness of the mucus and helps in its removal from the airways. Terbutaline is a bronchodilator that relaxes and widens the muscles in the airways."
Kcl Injection,10 ml in 1 vial,Hindustan Antibiotics Ltd,"Potassium Chloride (NA),",21.87,potassium deficiency,"Potassium deficiency,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Injection site reactions (pain, swelling, redness),Muscle weakness,Paresthesia (tingling or pricking sensation),Nausea,",Your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine. Kindly do not self administer. ,VITAMINS MINERALS NUTRIENTS,Kcl Injection works by raising potassium levels in your blood.
Ketoford 10mg Tablet DT,10 tablet dt in 1 strip,Leeford Healthcare Ltd,"Ketorolac (10mg),",65.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Dentaforce-DT Tablet,Melac 10mg Tablet DT,Myketro 10mg Tablet DT,Ketopher 10mg Tablet DT,Painlok 10mg Tablet DT,","Vomiting,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Nausea,Indigestion,Diarrhea,Heartburn,Loss of appetite,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Dissolve it in a glass of water before taking it. Ketoford 10mg Tablet DT is to be taken with food.,OPHTHAL,Ketoford 10mg Tablet DT is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling).
Flozen-AA Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Aceclofenac (100mg) + Paracetamol (325mg) + Serratiopeptidase (15mg),",89.9,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Vetory SP Tablet,Ibugesic ASP Tablet,Anaflam Xps  Tablet,Dolokind AA Tablet,Aceclo Sera 100mg/325mg/15mg Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain,Indigestion,Heartburn,Loss of appetite,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Flozen-AA Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Flozen-AA Tablet is a combination of three medicines: Aceclofenac, Paracetamol and Serratiopeptidase. Aceclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), and Paracetamol is an antipyretic (fever reducer). They work by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that cause pain and fever. Serratiopeptidase is an enzyme which works by breaking down abnormal proteins at the site of inflammation and promotes healing."
Foracort 400 Rotacap,30 rotacaps in 1 packet,Cipla Ltd,"Formoterol (6mcg) + Budesonide (400mcg),",216.72,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd)," Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","Quikhale FB 6mcg/400mcg Rotacap,Symbiva 6 mcg/400 mcg Octacap,Budetrol 400 Rotacap,","Cough,Fungal infection of mouth,Headache,Hoarseness of voice,Increased heart rate,Musculoskeletal (bone, muscle or joint) pain,Nausea,Respiratory tract infection,Sore throat,Vomiting,","Rotacaps must not be swallowed. Check the label for directions before use. Place the capsule at the base of rotahaler, not in the mouthpiece. Twist the mouthpiece completely until your hear a click and breathe in deeply through the mouthpiece. Hold your breath for up to 10 seconds. If some powder remains in the rotahaler repeat the process.",RESPIRATORY,"Foracort 400 Rotacap is a combination of two medicines: Formoterol and Budesonide. Formoterol is a long-acting bronchodilator which works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens the airways. Budesonide is a steroid. It works by stopping the release of certain chemical messengers that cause inflammation (swelling) of the airways. Together, they make breathing easier."
Fertisure M Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Levo-carnitine (340mg) + Coenzyme Q10 (50mg) + Zinc (5mg) + Lycopene (2.5mg) + Astaxanthin (8mg),",323.0,nutritional deficiencies," Nutritional deficiencies,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain,Dizziness,Tiredness,Headache,Irritation,Insomnia (difficulty in sleeping),Photosensitivity,Rash,Heartburn,Increased liver enzymes,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Fertisure M Tablet is to be taken with food.",VITAMINS MINERALS NUTRIENTS,"Fertisure M Tablet is a combination of five medicines: Levo-carnitine, Coenzyme Q10, Zinc, Lycopene and Astaxanthin. Levo-carnitine, Zinc and Lycopene provide essential nutrients. Coenzyme Q10 and Astaxanthin are antioxidants which protect the body from damage by chemicals (free radicals)."
Fluticone-FT Nasal Spray,6 gm in 1 packet,Zydus Cadila,"Fluticasone Furoate (27.5mcg),",467.0,sneezing and runny nose due to allergies," Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies,","Isomet-F Nasal Spray,Nozispray Nasal Spray,Sinospray-FT Nasal Spray,Ausflu Nasal Spray,Spiroflut Nasal Spray,","Nasal discomfort,Nosebleeds,Headache,Nasal inflammation,","Use this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Insert the bottle tip into one nostril and close the other nostril. Direct the spray towards the sides of your nostril, away from the cartilage dividing the two sides of your nose. As you spray, breath gently and keep the head upright. Repeat the same process for the other nostrils. ",RESPIRATORY,Fluticone-FT Nasal Spray is a steroid which works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers in the body that cause inflammation (redness and swelling) and allergies.
Fenak Plus Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Diclofenac (50mg) + Paracetamol (325mg),",27.6,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Diclowin Plus Tablet,Dolojust 50mg/325mg Tablet,Paraross-D-Plus Tablet,Reactin Plus Tablet,Maxrel Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Heartburn,Diarrhea,Loss of appetite,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Fenak Plus Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Fenak Plus Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Diclofenac and Paracetamol. These medicines work by blocking the action of chemical messengers responsible for pain, fever and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Forcan 150 Tablet,1 Tablet in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Fluconazole (150mg),",13.29,fungal infections," Fungal infections,","Odicon 150 Tablet,Fluzol 150mg Tablet,Flumet 150mg Tablet,Triben F 150mg Tablet,Fungiset 150mg Tablet,","Headache,Nausea,Stomach pain,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Forcan 150 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Forcan 150 Tablet is an antifungal medication. It kills and stops the growth of the fungi by destroying its cell membrane, thereby treating your skin infection."
Faronem ER Tablet,strip of 6 tablet er,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Faropenem (300mg),",682.0,severe bacterial infections," Severe bacterial infections,","Faroalfa-ER Tablet,Fenem 300mg Tablet ER,Orpenem 300mg Tablet ER,Faronac 300mg Tablet ER,Mero-O ER 300 Tablet,","Rash,Nausea,Abdominal pain,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Faronem ER Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Faronem ER Tablet is an antibiotic. It kills bacteria by preventing them from forming the bacterial protective covering (cell wall) which is needed for them to survive.
Fosirol Powder,8 gm in 1 sachet,Cipla Ltd,"Fosfomycin (3gm),",513.16,bacterial infections of urinary tract,"Bacterial infections of urinary tract,","UT Sure 3gm Powder,Fludafos 3gm Powder Vanilla,Fosfona Powder,Foephos Sachet Vanilla,Fosvaith Sachet,","Headache,Dizziness,Vaginal inflammation,Indigestion,","Use this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use.  Fosirol Powder is to be taken empty stomach.
",ANTI INFECTIVES,Fosirol Powder is an antibiotic. It kills the bacteria in the urinary tract by preventing them from forming their own protective covering. It also reduces bacterial attachment to cells lining the bladder. This helps treat or prevent uncomplicated infections of the bladder.
Frisium 5 Tablet,strip of 15 tablets,Sanofi India  Ltd,"Clobazam (5mg),",86.48,"severe anxiety,epilepsy/seizures","Severe anxiety,Epilepsy/Seizures,","Clodus 5mg Tablet,Clobazap 5mg Tablet,Lobachek 5mg Tablet,Oresta 5mg Tablet,Czam 5mg Tablet,","Aggressive behavior,Breathing problems,Constipation,Cough,Difficulty in urination,Drooling,Fever,Insomnia (difficulty in sleeping),Sleepiness,Slurred speech,Tiredness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Frisium 5 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Frisium 5 Tablet is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Foracort 200 Rotacap,30 rotacaps in 1 packet,Cipla Ltd,"Formoterol (6mcg) + Budesonide (200mcg),",169.68,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd)," Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","Quikhale FB 6mcg/200mcg Rotacap,Symbiva 6 mcg/200 mcg Octacap,Budetrol 200 Rotacap,","Cough,Fungal infection of mouth,Headache,Hoarseness of voice,Increased heart rate,Musculoskeletal (bone, muscle or joint) pain,Nausea,Respiratory tract infection,Sore throat,Vomiting,","Rotacaps must not be swallowed. Check the label for directions before use. Place the capsule at the base of rotahaler, not in the mouthpiece. Twist the mouthpiece completely until your hear a click and breathe in deeply through the mouthpiece. Hold your breath for up to 10 seconds. If some powder remains in the rotahaler repeat the process.",RESPIRATORY,"Foracort 200 Rotacap is a combination of two medicines: Formoterol and Budesonide. Formoterol is a long-acting bronchodilator which works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens the airways. Budesonide is a steroid. It works by stopping the release of certain chemical messengers that cause inflammation (swelling) of the airways. Together, they make breathing easier."
Flunil 20 Capsule,10 capsules in 1 strip,Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Fluoxetine (20mg),",40.99,"depression, panic disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder"," Depression, Panic disorder, Obsessive-compulsive disorder,","Medidep 20mg Capsule,Zedep 20mg Capsule,Vibodep 20 Capsule,Flutee Capsule,Mawel 20 Capsule,","Erectile dysfunction,Indigestion,Influenza like syndrome,Loss of appetite,Depression,Low sexual desire,Nausea,Sore throat,Sweating,Tremors,Weakness,Yawning,Abnormal dreams,Delayed ejaculation,Dryness in mouth,Insomnia (difficulty in sleeping),Nervousness,Sleepiness,Sinus infection,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Flunil 20 Capsule may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Flunil 20 Capsule is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressant. It works by increasing the levels of serotonin, a chemical messenger in the brain. This improves mood and physical symptoms of depression and also relieves symptoms of panic and obsessive disorders."
Forecox Tablet,strip of 6 tablets,Macleods Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Isoniazid (150mg) + Rifampicin (225mg) + Ethambutol (400mg) + Pyrazinamide (750mg),",82.6,tuberculosis (tb)," Tuberculosis (TB),","Tetracox Tablet,Mycotube Plus Tablet,Vicox EZ Tablet,R-Cinex EZ Tablet,Cure 4 Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Rash,Fever,Dark colored urine,Sweating,Increased sputum production,Salivation,Watery eyes,Peripheral neuropathy (tingling and numbness of feet and hand),Increased liver enzymes,Jaundice,Increased uric acid level in blood,Visual impairment,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Forecox Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
Avoid Forecox Tablet with tyramine-rich food such as cheese, smoked fish, meats and some types of beer.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Forecox Tablet is a combination of four medicines: Isoniazid, rifampicin, ethambutol and pyrazinamide which treat tuberculosis. Isoniazid works by preventing the TB bacteria from forming their own protective covering, while rifampicin inactivates a bacterial enzyme (RNA-polymerase) which is required by TB bacteria to make essential proteins and to reproduce. Together, they kill the bacteria and eradicate the infection. Ethambutol and pyrazinamide on the other hand, work by slowing the growth of these bacteria."
Frisium 10mg Tablet,strip of 15 tablets,Sanofi India  Ltd,"Clobazam (10mg),",152.12,"severe anxiety,epilepsy/seizures","Severe anxiety,Epilepsy/Seizures,","Epiford 10mg Tablet,Solzam 10mg Tablet,Adinep 10mg Tablet,Lobachek 10mg Tablet,Clogaba 10mg Tablet,","Aggressive behavior,Breathing problems,Constipation,Cough,Difficulty in urination,Drooling,Fever,Insomnia (difficulty in sleeping),Sleepiness,Slurred speech,Tiredness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Frisium 10mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Frisium 10mg Tablet is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Flagyl Suspension,60 ml in 1 bottle,Abbott,"Metronidazole (200mg/5ml),",30.24,"bacterial infections, parasitic infections"," Bacterial infections, Parasitic infections,","Metrogyl Suspension,","Headache,Dryness in mouth,Nausea,Metallic taste,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Flagyl Suspension is to be taken with food.,GASTRO INTESTINAL,Flagyl Suspension is an antibiotic. It kills the bacteria and other microorganisms that cause infections by damaging their DNA.
Faceclin Gel,20 gm in 1 tube,Abbott,"Clindamycin (1% w/w) + Nicotinamide (4% w/w),",176.97,acne," Acne,","Acnetoin Gel,Acneline Gel,Clinsol Gel,Acnesol-NC Gel,Clindwin Gel,","Skin peeling,Dry skin,Erythema (skin redness),Burning sensation at the site of application,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the gel. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Faceclin Gel is a combination of two medicines: Clindamycin and Nicotinamide, which treats pimples (acne). Clindamycin is an antibiotic which works by penetrating into the skin and killing acne-causing bacteria. Nicotinamide is a form of vitamin B. It exerts anti-inflammatory effects when applied to the skin and reduces swelling, redness and tenderness associated with acne."
Flutibact Ointment,10 gm in 1 tube,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Fluticasone Propionate (0.005% w/w) + Mupirocin (2% w/w),",214.75,skin infections," Skin infections,","Lutica M Ointment,Mupricon FM Ointment,Muply F Ointment,Supirocin F Ointment,Mupifin F Ointment,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and gently massage the ointment. ,DERMA,"Flutibact Ointment is a combination of two medicines: Fluticasone Propionate and Mupirocin, which treats skin infections. Fluticasone Propionate is a steroid medicine. It blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Mupirocin is an antibiotic. It kills bacteria by destroying the bacterial cell membrane."
Foracort Inhaler 400,120 MDI in 1 packet,Cipla Ltd,"Formoterol (6mcg) + Budesonide (400mcg),",411.26,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd)," Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","Heal-O-Respi CFC-Free Inhaler,Peakhale FB 6 mcg/400 mcg Inhaler,Pulmofor B 400 Inhaler,Quikhale FB 400 Inhaler,Budetrol 400 Inhaler,","Cough,Fungal infection of mouth,Headache,Hoarseness of voice,Increased heart rate,Musculoskeletal (bone, muscle or joint) pain,Nausea,Respiratory tract infection,Sore throat,Vomiting,","Check the label for directions before use. Shake the inhaler. While you are breathing in from mouth, press down on the inhaler one time to release the medication and hold your breath for 10 seconds. Repeat until you have inhaled the number of puffs as suggested by the doctor.Afterwards, rinse your mouth thoroughly with water and spit it out.",RESPIRATORY,"Foracort Inhaler 400 is a combination of two medicines: Formoterol and Budesonide. Formoterol is a long-acting bronchodilator which works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens the airways. Budesonide is a steroid. It works by stopping the release of certain chemical messengers that cause inflammation (swelling) of the airways. Together, they make breathing easier."
Franxit 0.5 mg/10 mg Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Flupenthixol (0.5mg) + Melitracen (10mg),",76.5,depression," Depression,","Denxol 0.5 mg/10 mg Tablet,Relixol 0.5mg/10mg Tablet,Flupetra 0.5mg/10mg Tablet,Fluxit Tablet,Fluford M Tablet,","Constipation,Urinary retention,Weight gain,Sleepiness,Orthostatic hypotension (sudden lowering of blood pressure on standing),Increased heart rate,Increased prolactin level in blood,Blurred vision,Dryness in mouth,Muscle stiffness,Tremors,Restlessness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Franxit 0.5 mg/10 mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Franxit 0.5 mg/10 mg Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Flupenthixol and Melitracen. Flupenthixol is a typical antipsychotic. It works by blocking the action of dopamine, a chemical messenger in the brain that affects thoughts and mood. Melitracen is a tricyclic antidepressant which increases the levels of chemical messengers in the brain that help in regulating the mood and treat depression."
Foracort 0.5mg Respules 2ml,5 respules in 1 packet,Cipla Ltd,"Formoterol (20mcg) + Budesonide (0.5mg),",331.1,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd)," Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","Nebucort F 20mcg/0.5mg Respules (2ml Each),Spiroform B 0.5 Respules 2ml,Nebzmart FB 0.5mg Smartules 2ml,Foraprl 0.5mg Respules (2ml Each),Budamate Neb 0.5mg Respules 2ml,","Cough,Fungal infection of mouth,Headache,Hoarseness of voice,Increased heart rate,Musculoskeletal (bone, muscle or joint) pain,Nausea,Respiratory tract infection,Sore throat,Vomiting,",Use this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Twist off the top of the respule/transpule and squeeze all the liquid into the nebulizer. It should be used right away after opening. ,RESPIRATORY,"Foracort 0.5mg Respules 2ml is a combination of two medicines: Formoterol and Budesonide. Formoterol is a long-acting bronchodilator which works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens the airways. Budesonide is a steroid. It works by stopping the release of certain chemical messengers that cause inflammation (swelling) of the airways. Together, they make breathing easier."
Farobact 200 Tablet,6 tablets in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Faropenem (200mg),",630.28,severe bacterial infections," Severe bacterial infections,","Mero-O 200 Tablet,Farowell 200mg Tablet,Merosure O Tablet,Rospenam 200mg Tablet,Scotfaro 200mg Tablet,","Rash,Nausea,Abdominal pain,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Farobact 200 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Farobact 200 Tablet is an antibiotic. It kills bacteria by preventing them from forming the bacterial protective covering (cell wall) which is needed for them to survive.
Furamist Nasal Spray,6 gm in 1 bottle,Cipla Ltd,"Fluticasone Furoate (27.5mcg),",425.06,sneezing and runny nose due to allergies," Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies,","Isomet-F Nasal Spray,Nozispray Nasal Spray,Sinospray-FT Nasal Spray,Ausflu Nasal Spray,Spiroflut Nasal Spray,","Nasal discomfort,Nosebleeds,Headache,Nasal inflammation,","Use this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Insert the bottle tip into one nostril and close the other nostril. Direct the spray towards the sides of your nostril, away from the cartilage dividing the two sides of your nose. As you spray, breath gently and keep the head upright. Repeat the same process for the other nostrils. ",RESPIRATORY,Furamist Nasal Spray is a steroid which works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers in the body that cause inflammation (redness and swelling) and allergies.
Flexabenz Plus Tablet SR,10 tablet sr in 1 strip,Macleods Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Cyclobenzaprine (15mg) + Aceclofenac (200mg),",251.25,pain due to muscle spasm,"Pain due to muscle spasm,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Nausea,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Dryness in mouth,Heartburn,Diarrhea,Loss of appetite,Sleepiness,Dizziness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Flexabenz Plus Tablet SR is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Flexabenz Plus Tablet SR is a combination of two medicines: Cyclobenzaprine and Aceclofenac, which relieves pain and relaxes the muscles. Cyclobenzaprine is a muscle relaxant. It works on the centers in the brain and spinal cord to relieve muscle stiffness or spasm and to improve pain and movement of muscles. Aceclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Levolin 1mg Syrup,100 ml in 1 bottle,Cipla Ltd,"Levosalbutamol (1mg/5ml),",24.22,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd),"Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","Ventirex-Levo Syrup,Levosal Syrup,","Tremors,Headache,Palpitations,Increased heart rate,Muscle cramp,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Levolin 1mg Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,Levolin 1mg Syrup is a bronchodilator. It works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens airways. This makes breathing easier.
Levipil 500 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Levetiracetam (500mg),",132.7,epilepsy/seizures," Epilepsy/Seizures,","Levepsy 500 Tablet,Levigress 500 Tablet,Levetas 500mg Tablet,Levilex 500 Tablet,Levroxa 500mg Tablet,","Sleepiness,Dizziness,Fatigue,Headache,Decreased appetite,Behavioral changes,Aggressive behavior,Irritation,Agitation,Nasal congestion (stuffy nose),Infection,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Levipil 500 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Levipil 500 Tablet is an antiepileptic medication. It works by attaching to specific sites (SV2A) on the surfaces of nerve cells. This suppresses the abnormal activity of the nerve cells in the brain and prevents the spread of electrical signals that cause seizures.
Levoflox 500 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Levofloxacin (500mg),",90.49,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Lotor 500mg Tablet,Levolve 500mg Tablet,Loson 500mg Tablet,Fynal 500 Tablet,Levocide 500 Tablet,","Headache,Dizziness,Nausea,Constipation,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Levoflox 500 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.Avoid Levoflox 500 Tablet with dairy products such as milk, cheese, curd, butter, paneer and ice cream.",OPHTHAL,"Levoflox 500 Tablet is an antibiotic. It works by stopping the action of a bacterial enzyme called DNA-gyrase. This prevents the bacterial cells from dividing and repairing, thereby killing them."
Librax 5 mg/2.5 mg Tablet,strip of 20 tablets,Abbott,"Chlordiazepoxide (5mg) + Clidinium (2.5mg),",167.39,irritable bowel syndrome," Irritable bowel syndrome,","Libopil 5 mg/2.5 mg Tablet,Libnam 5 mg/2.5 mg Tablet,Cromide 5mg/2.5mg Tablet,Serecon Tablet,Normaxin CC 5mg/2.5mg Tablet,","Sleepiness,Nausea,Constipation,Memory impairment,Dizziness,Blurred vision,Dryness in mouth,Difficulty in urination,Impaired coordination,Depression,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Librax 5 mg/2.5 mg Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Librax 5 mg/2.5 mg Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Chlordiazepoxide and Clidinium. Chlordiazepoxide is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of GABA, a chemical messenger which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain. Clidinium works by relaxing the muscles in your stomach and gut (intestine). It stops sudden muscle contractions (spasms) which in turn relieves cramps, pain, bloating, and discomfort."
Levocet Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Hetero Healthcare Limited,"Levocetirizine (5mg),",47.0,allergic conditions," Allergic conditions,","Lecope Tablet,LCZ Tablet,1-AL Tablet,Hatric Tablet,Safecet Tablet,","Sleepiness,Fatigue,Headache,Dryness in mouth,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Levocet Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Levocet Tablet is an antihistaminic medication. It treats allergy symptoms such as itching, swelling, and rashes by blocking the effects of a chemical messenger (histamine) in the body."
Librium 10 Tablet,strip of 15 tablets,Abbott,"Chlordiazepoxide (10mg),",117.34,"severe anxiety,alcohol withdrawal","Severe anxiety,Alcohol withdrawal,","Albium 10mg Tablet,Anxizide 10mg Tablet,Peaceoxide 10mg Tablet,Serelib 10mg Tablet,Cloxide 10mg Tablet,","Lightheadedness,Drowsiness,Sedation,Dizziness,Uncoordinated body movements,Fatigue,Unsteadiness,Balance disorder (loss of balance),","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Librium 10 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.Avoid Librium 10 Tablet with caffeine and chocolate as well as food containing caffeine and chocolate such as tea leaves, cocoa beans.",NEURO CNS,Librium 10 Tablet is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Lyrica 75mg Capsule,14 capsules in 1 strip,Pfizer Ltd,"Pregabalin (75mg),",884.1,"neuropathic pain, epilepsy/seizures, fibromyalgia"," Neuropathic pain, Epilepsy/Seizures, Fibromyalgia,","Preega 75 Capsule,Gabaniche 75 Capsule,Revlin 75 Capsule,Nova 75 Capsule,Pregabid 75 Capsule,","Blurred vision,Difficulty in paying attention,Dizziness,Dryness in mouth,Edema (swelling),Sleepiness,Weight gain,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Lyrica 75mg Capsule may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Lyrica 75mg Capsule is an antiepileptic medication. When given for epilepsy, it is believed to work by reducing the abnormal electrical activity in the brain, thus preventing seizures. It is also used to treat nerve and muscle pain where it blocks pain by interfering with pain signals traveling through the damaged nerves and the brain."
Levocet M Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Hetero Drugs Ltd,"Levocetirizine (5mg) + Montelukast (10mg),",99.0,"sneezing and runny nose due to allergies, hay fever, allergic skin conditions"," Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies, Hay fever, Allergic skin conditions,","Montina-L Tablet,Solitair Tablet,Altase M 5mg/10mg Tablet,Monticope Tablet,Lecope-M Tablet,","Nausea,Diarrhea,Dryness in mouth,Fatigue,Headache,Skin rash,Sleepiness,Vomiting,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Levocet M Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Levocet M Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Levocetirizine and Montelukast, which relieves sneezing and runny nose due to allergies. Levocetirizine is an antiallergic which blocks a chemical messenger (histamine) responsible for runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing. Montelukast is a leukotriene antagonist. It works by blocking another chemical messenger (leukotriene). This reduces inflammation (swelling) in the airways and nose, and improves symptoms."
Lobate-GM Neo Cream,15 gm in 1 tube,Abbott,"Clobetasol (0.05% w/w) + Miconazole (2% w/w) + Neomycin (0.5% w/w),",95.21,skin infections," Skin infections,","Novacor Cream,Clobital NM Cream,Cosvate NM Cream,Zincoderm-GM Neo Cream,Ishderm-MN Cream,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),Thinning of skin,","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the cream. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",DERMA,"Lobate-GM Neo Cream is a combination of three medicines: Clobetasol, Miconazole and Neomycin, which treats skin infections. Clobetasol is a steroid medicine. It blocks the production of certain chemical messengers (prostaglandins) that make the skin red, swollen and itchy. Miconazole is an antifungal which stops the growth of fungi by preventing them from forming their own protective covering. Neomycin is an antibiotic. It stops bacterial growth by preventing the synthesis of essential proteins required by the bacteria to carry out vital functions."
Lyser D Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Comed Chemicals Ltd,"Diclofenac (50mg) + Serratiopeptidase (10mg),",85.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Bludec-SP Tablet,Serip Plus Tablet,Diser Tablet,Exudolp Tablet,Diclomol SP 10 Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Heartburn,Stomach pain,Indigestion,Diarrhea,Loss of appetite,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Lyser D Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Lyser D Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Diclofenac and Serratiopeptidase. Diclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling). Serratiopeptidase is an enzyme which works by breaking down abnormal proteins at the site of inflammation and promotes healing.
Lonazep 0.25 Tablet,strip of 15 tablets,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Clonazepam (0.25mg),",30.73,"anxiety disorder, epilepsy/seizures"," Anxiety disorder, Epilepsy/Seizures,","Clozet   0.25mg Tablet,Clozakin 0.25mg Tablet,Clogis 0.25mg Tablet,Zapiz 0.25 Tablet,C Trika 0.25mg Tablet,","Depression,Dizziness,Drowsiness,Fatigue,Impaired coordination,Memory impairment,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Lonazep 0.25 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Lonazep 0.25 Tablet is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
Lopamide Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Loperamide (2mg),",21.2,diarrhea,"Diarrhea,","Lopamax 2mg Tablet,Lopramide 2mg Tablet,Lopramide 2mg Tablet,Rokamide 2mg Tablet,Lopramac 2mg Tablet,","Constipation,Nausea,Headache,Stomach pain,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Lopamide Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Lopamide Tablet is an anti-diarrhoeal medication. It works by slowing down the contraction of the intestines thereby decreasing the speed at which the contents pass through it. This allows more time for reabsorption of fluids and nutrients, making the stools more solid and less frequent."
Liofen 10 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Baclofen (10mg),",113.05,muscle relaxation,"Muscle relaxation,","Bacrite 10 Tablet,Bacloheal 10mg Tablet,Superfen-BL Tablet,Bacloren 10mg Tablet,Bizlo Tablet,","Fatigue,Weakness,Drowsiness,Dizziness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Liofen 10 Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Liofen 10 Tablet is a muscle relaxant. It works on the brain and spinal cord to relieve muscle stiffness or spasm maintaining the strength of the muscles. This relieves pain and improves movement of muscles.
Levera 500 Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Levetiracetam (500mg),",199.08,epilepsy/seizures," Epilepsy/Seizures,","Levepsy 500 Tablet,Levigress 500 Tablet,Levetas 500mg Tablet,Levilex 500 Tablet,Levroxa 500mg Tablet,","Sleepiness,Dizziness,Fatigue,Headache,Decreased appetite,Behavioral changes,Aggressive behavior,Irritation,Agitation,Nasal congestion (stuffy nose),Infection,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Levera 500 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Levera 500 Tablet is an antiepileptic medication. It works by attaching to specific sites (SV2A) on the surfaces of nerve cells. This suppresses the abnormal activity of the nerve cells in the brain and prevents the spread of electrical signals that cause seizures.
Lizolid 600 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Integrace Pvt Ltd,"Linezolid (600mg),",334.78,severe bacterial infections," Severe bacterial infections,","Linokem 600 Tablet,Megazolid 600 Tablet,Lizoforce 600 Tablet,Linowin 600mg Tablet,Linzon Tablet,","Vomiting,Headache,Nausea,Decreased blood cells (red cells, white cells, and platelets),Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Lizolid 600 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.Avoid Lizolid 600 Tablet with tyramine-rich food such as cheese, smoked fish, meats and some types of beer.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Lizolid 600 Tablet is an antibiotic. It stops bacterial growth by preventing synthesis of essential proteins required by bacteria to carry out vital functions.
Lubrex Eye Drop,10 ml in 1 bottle,Micro Labs Ltd,"Carboxymethylcellulose (0.5% w/v),",120.0,dry eyes," Dry eyes,","Lubistar-CMC Eye Drop,Just Tears Eye Drop,Relub Eye Drop,Irivisc Eye Drop,Add Tears Lubricant Eye Drop,","Eye irritation,Burning eyes,Eye discomfort,Eye itching,Eye pain,",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Hold the dropper close to the eye without touching it. Gently squeeze the dropper and place the medicine inside the lower eyelid. Wipe off the extra liquid. ,OPHTHAL,Lubrex Eye Drop is a lubricant. It works similar to natural tears and provides temporary relief from burning and discomfort due to dryness of the eye.
Lanol ER Tablet,10 tablet er in 1 strip,Hetero Drugs Ltd,"Paracetamol (650mg),",19.9,"pain relief, fever","Pain relief, Fever,","Pmson-ER Tablet,Ibibull 650mg Tablet ER,Citpol 650mg Tablet ER,Pyrodip 650mg Tablet ER,Doliza 650mg Tablet ER,","Stomach pain,Nausea,Vomiting,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Lanol ER Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Lanol ER Tablet is an analgesic (pain reliever) and anti-pyretic (fever reducer). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and fever.
Lomotil Tablet,strip of 20 tablets,RPG Life Sciences Ltd,"Diphenoxylate (2.5mg) + Atropine (0.025mg),",23.15,diarrhea,"Diarrhea,","Phenotil Tablet,","Indigestion,Constipation,Dryness in mouth,Cough,Flushing of skin,Blurred vision,Drowsiness,Dizziness,Confusion,Difficulty in urination,Bronchoconstriction (constriction of air passages),","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Lomotil Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Lomotil Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Diphenoxylate and Atropine, which treats diarrhea. Diphenoxylate is an opioid agonist which works by decreasing contraction of the intestines making the stools more solid and less frequent. In higher doses, diphenoxylate may cause euphoria (elevation of mood) and physical dependence. To prevent its abuse, atropine is added in small quantities."
Lox 2% Jelly,30 gm in 1 tube,Neon Laboratories Ltd,"Lidocaine (2% w/v),",35.55,local anesthesia (numb tissues in a specific area),"Local anesthesia (Numb tissues in a specific area),","Lignocad Gel,Lignocare Gel,Elligno 2% Jelly,Wocaine 2% Gel,Xynova Gel,","Allergic reaction,Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),","This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and apply the gel. Wash your hands after applying, unless hands are the affected area. ",PAIN ANALGESICS,Lox 2% Jelly is a local anesthetic. It works on the skin by blocking pain signals from the nerves to brain. This numbs the area and decreases pain sensation.
Lesuride Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Levosulpiride (25mg),",107.0,"gastroesophageal reflux disease (acid reflux),irritable bowel syndrome,heartburn","Gastroesophageal reflux disease (Acid reflux),Irritable bowel syndrome,Heartburn,","Lepivil 25mg Tablet,Levowave Tablet,Edride 25mg Tablet,Sulviz 25mg Tablet,Rithem 25mg Tablet,","Headache,Fatigue,Sleepiness,Dizziness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Lesuride Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Lesuride Tablet is a atypical antipsychotic. It works by increasing the release of acetylcholine (a chemical messenger). This increases the movement of stomach and intestines, and prevents reflux (acid going up to the food pipe)."
Lomofen Tablet,strip of 20 tablets,RPG Life Sciences Ltd,"Atropine (0.025mg) + Diphenoxylate (2.5mg) + Furazolidone (50mg),",43.1,diarrhea,"Diarrhea,","Zolfen Tablet,","Constipation,Indigestion,Dryness in mouth,Dizziness,Bronchoconstriction (constriction of air passages),Cough,Flushing of skin,Blurred vision,Drowsiness,Confusion,Difficulty in urination,Urine discoloration,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Lomofen Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Lomofen Tablet is a combination of three medicines: Atropine, diphenoxylate and furazolidone, which treats diarrhea. Atropine is an anticholinergic medicine which blocks the action of acetylcholine (a chemical messenger), thereby relaxing the muscles of stomach and intestines. Diphenoxylate is an opioid agonist which works by decreasing contraction of the intestines making the stools more solid and less frequent. Furazolidone is an antibiotic. It kills bacteria and other diarrhea-causing microorganisms by damaging their DNA."
Lysoflam Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Cachet Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Diclofenac (50mg) + Paracetamol (325mg) + Trypsin Chymotrypsin (50000AU),",121.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Vosnac XL 50mg/325mg Tablet,Kivadase Tablet,Dicsip-XL Tablet,Naxer T Tablet,Tysin D 50mg/325mg Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Diarrhea,Heartburn,Stomach pain,Indigestion,Loss of appetite,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Lysoflam Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Lysoflam Tablet is a combination of three medicines: Diclofenac, Paracetamol and Trypsin Chymotrypsin which relieve pain. Diclofenac is a non-steroidal antiinflammatory drug (NSAID) and Paracetamol is an antipyretic (fever reducer). They work by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that cause pain and fever. Trypsin Chymotrypsin is a combination of enzymes which break down proteins into smaller fragments, thereby making them available for absorption into the blood. They increase blood supply in the affected area and reduce swelling."
Levolin 0.63mg Respules,5 respules in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Levosalbutamol (0.63mg),",29.6,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd),"Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","Vosbuta 0.63mg Respules,Levomol 0.63mg Respules 2.5ml,","Accidental injury,Bronchitis (inflammation of the airways),Dizziness,Pain,Pharyngitis,Nasal congestion (stuffy nose),Vomiting,",Use this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Twist off the top of the respule/transpule and squeeze all the liquid into the nebulizer. It should be used right away after opening. ,RESPIRATORY,Levolin 0.63mg Respules is a bronchodilator. It works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens airways. This makes breathing easier.
L-Cin 500 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Lupin Ltd,"Levofloxacin (500mg),",90.49,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Lotor 500mg Tablet,Levolve 500mg Tablet,Loson 500mg Tablet,Fynal 500 Tablet,Levocide 500 Tablet,","Headache,Dizziness,Nausea,Constipation,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. L-Cin 500 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.Avoid L-Cin 500 Tablet with dairy products such as milk, cheese, curd, butter, paneer and ice cream.",OPHTHAL,"L-Cin 500 Tablet is an antibiotic. It works by stopping the action of a bacterial enzyme called DNA-gyrase. This prevents the bacterial cells from dividing and repairing, thereby killing them."
Addnok 0.2mg Tablet,strip of 20 tablets,Rusan Pharma Ltd,"Buprenorphine (0.2mg),",76.6,opioid (morphine) dependence,"Opioid (Morphine) dependence,","Tidigesic 0.2mg Tablet,Buprocare 0.2mg Tablet,","Weakness,Drug withdrawal syndrome,Anxiety,Nervousness,Dizziness,Headache,Diarrhea,Nausea,Vomiting,Sleepiness,Abdominal pain,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Addnok 0.2mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Addnok 0.2mg Tablet is an opioid partial agonist. It prevents withdrawal symptoms in patients who stop taking opioid drugs by producing similar effects to these drugs.
AB Phylline SR 200 Tablet,10 tablet sr in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Acebrophylline (200mg),",230.0,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd),"Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","Venphylin-SR Tablet,Acethama 200 SR Tablet,Acegrow-SR Tablet,Abevia 200 SR Tablet,Abiways 200 SR Tablet,","Nausea,Headache,Vomiting,Upset stomach,Restlessness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. AB Phylline SR 200 Tablet is to be taken with food.",RESPIRATORY,"AB Phylline SR 200 Tablet is a mucolytic and bronchodilator. It works by relaxing the muscles of the airways and also thins and loosens mucus, making it easier to breathe."
Alerid Syrup,30 ml in 1 bottle,Cipla Ltd,"Cetirizine (5mg/5ml),",19.82,allergic conditions," Allergic conditions,","N Zin 5mg/5ml Syrup,Coszin 5mg/5ml Syrup,Alcet 5mg/5ml Syrup,Mast 1 Syrup,Cetcip Syrup,","Nausea,Headache,Muscle pain,Edema (swelling),Sleepiness,Dizziness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Alerid Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Alerid Syrup belongs to a class of medicines called antihistamines. It blocks the natural chemical substance (histamine) produced in the body during an allergic state and subsides (lowers) your child’s immune system’s response to these conditions. As a result, the symptoms are relieved, and eventually, the condition is cured."
Acenac-P  Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Medley Pharmaceuticals,"Aceclofenac (100mg) + Paracetamol (325mg),",61.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Dolostat PC 100 mg/325 mg Tablet,Topnac P Tablet,Arflur-P Tablet,XREL Tablet,Willgo P Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain/epigastric pain,Loss of appetite,Heartburn,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Acenac-P  Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Acenac-P  Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Aceclofenac and Paracetamol. These medicines work by blocking the action of chemical messengers responsible for pain, fever and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Asthalin 4 Tablet,30 tablets in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Salbutamol (4mg),",6.04,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd)," Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","Salmaplon 4mg Tablet,Salbetol 4mg Tablet,Salcen 4mg Tablet,Sal 4mg Tablet,Asthalin SA 4mg Tablet,","Tremors,Headache,Palpitations,Increased heart rate,Muscle cramp,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Asthalin 4 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,Asthalin 4 Tablet is a bronchodilator. It works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens airways. This makes breathing easier.
Alerid Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Cetirizine (10mg),",18.49,allergic conditions," Allergic conditions,","Stanhist 10 Tablet,Sizon 10 Tablet,Cetriver 10mg Tablet,Zyrtec Tablet,Tancet 10mg Tablet,","Sleepiness,Dizziness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Alerid Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Alerid Tablet is an antihistaminic medication. It treats allergy symptoms such as itching, swelling, and rashes by blocking the effects of a chemical messenger (histamine) in the body."
Atarax Syrup,bottle of 100 ml Syrup,Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd,"Hydroxyzine (10mg),",100.25,"anxiety, skin conditions with inflammation & itching"," Anxiety, Skin conditions with inflammation & itching,","Vistarax Syrup,Atazis Syrup,Hynorax 10mg Syrup,Hydil 10mg Syrup,Hydrax 10mg Syrup,","Sedation,Nausea,Vomiting,Upset stomach,Constipation,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Atarax Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Atarax Syrup is an antihistaminic medication. In allergy, it works by blocking the action of a chemical messenger (histamine). This relieves allergy symptoms such as itching, swelling, and rashes. In short-term anxiety, it works by decreasing the activity in brain, thereby helping you feel relaxed/sleepy."
Asthalin Respules,2.5 ml in 1 packet,Cipla Ltd,"Salbutamol (2.5mg),",6.43,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd)," Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","Derihaler 2.5mg Respules,Asthavent 2.5mg Respules,Axamol 2.5mg Respules 2.5ml,","Tachycardia,Tremors,Headache,Palpitations,Increased heart rate,Muscle cramp,",Use this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Twist off the top of the respule/transpule and squeeze all the liquid into the nebulizer. It should be used right away after opening. ,RESPIRATORY,Asthalin Respules is a bronchodilator. It works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens airways. This makes breathing easier.
Admenta 5 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Memantine (5mg),",114.0,alzheimer's disease,"Alzheimer's disease,","DavaIndia Memantine 5mg Tablet,Almantin 5mg Tablet,Mentra 5mg Tablet,Mentadem 5mg Tablet,Memantal 5mg Tablet,","Dizziness,Headache,Confusion,Sleepiness,Diarrhea,Abnormal liver function tests,Balance disorder (loss of balance),Breathlessness,Pulmonary hypertension (high blood pressure),Hypersensitivity,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Admenta 5 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Admenta 5 Tablet is an N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist. Memory loss in Alzheimer’s disease is due to excessive production of glutamate (chemical messenger) in the brain which is mediated by NMDA receptors. Admenta 5 Tablet works by preventing the action of NMDA receptors and regulates the production of glutamate.  involved in the transmission of nerve signals. This is how it prevents memory loss in Alzheimer’s disease.
Ampoxin 500 Capsule,15 capsules in 1 strip,Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Ampicillin (250mg) + Cloxacillin (250mg),",88.9,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Cloxapene 250mg/250mg Capsule,Killbact C 250mg/250mg Capsule,Cilclox 250mg/250mg Capsule,Dynacil Plus 250mg/250mg Capsule,Mivon 250mg/250mg Capsule,","Allergic reaction,Rash,Stomach pain,Nausea,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Ampoxin 500 Capsule may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Ampoxin 500 Capsule is a combination of two antibiotics: Ampicillin and Cloxacillin. These antibiotics work by preventing the formation of the bacterial protective covering which is essential for the survival of bacteria. Together, they treat your infection effectively."
Aceclo-MR Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Aristo Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Aceclofenac (100mg) + Paracetamol (325mg) + Chlorzoxazone (500mg),",81.0,muscular pain," Muscular pain,","Dolostat MR 100 mg/325 mg/500 mg Tablet,Arflur-MR Tablet,Nacease MR 100mg/325mg/500mg Tablet,Flextab MR 100 mg/325 mg/500 mg Tablet,Aclonova-MR Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Heartburn,Stomach pain,Diarrhea,Loss of appetite,Tiredness,Sleepiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Aceclo-MR Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Aceclo-MR Tablet is a combination of two pain relieving medicines (Aceclofenac and Paracetamol) and a muscle relaxant (Chlorzoxazone). The pain relieving medicines work by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling). The muscle relaxant works on the centers in the brain and spinal cord to relieve muscle stiffness or spasm, thereby improving muscle movement."
Augmentin 1000 Duo Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Amoxycillin  (875mg) +  Clavulanic Acid (125mg),",546.8,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Tusmax Clav 875mg/125mg Tablet,Moxikind-CV 1gm Tablet,Clavotrol 875 mg/125 mg Tablet,Augpen Bid 875 mg/125 mg Tablet,Amolclave 875mg/125mg Tablet,","Vomiting,Nausea,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Augmentin 1000 Duo Tablet is to be taken with food.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Augmentin 1000 Duo Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Amoxycillin  and  Clavulanic Acid. Amoxycillin  is an antibiotic. It works by preventing the formation of the bacterial protective covering which is essential for the survival of bacteria.  Clavulanic Acid is a beta-lactamase inhibitor which reduces resistance and enhances the activity of Amoxycillin  against bacteria.
Amoxyclav 625 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Abbott,"Amoxycillin  (500mg) +  Clavulanic Acid (125mg),",201.57,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Moxikind-CV 625 Tablet,Moxiforce-CV 625 Tablet,Mega-CV 625 Tablet,Fightox 625 Tablet,Duet 625 Tablet,","Vomiting,Nausea,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Amoxyclav 625 Tablet is to be taken with food.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Amoxyclav 625 Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Amoxycillin  and  Clavulanic Acid. Amoxycillin  is an antibiotic. It works by preventing the formation of the bacterial protective covering which is essential for the survival of bacteria.  Clavulanic Acid is a beta-lactamase inhibitor which reduces resistance and enhances the activity of Amoxycillin  against bacteria.
Asthakind-LS Expectorant Cola Sugar Free,100 ml in 1 bottle,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Ambroxol (30mg/5ml) + Levosalbutamol (1mg/5ml) + Guaifenesin (50mg/5ml),",85.0,cough with mucus," Cough with mucus,","Kofgir-LS Syrup,Codylex Expectorant,Piritexyl-LS Plus Expectorant,Piritexyl-LS SF Expectorant,Xpect-LS Expectorant,","Nausea,Vomiting,Diarrhea,Upset stomach,Stomach pain,Allergic reaction,Dizziness,Headache,Rash,Hives,Tremors,Palpitations,Muscle cramp,Increased heart rate,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Asthakind-LS Expectorant Cola Sugar Free may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Asthakind-LS Expectorant Cola Sugar Free is a combination of three medicines: Ambroxol, Levosalbutamol and Guaifenesin, which relieves cough with mucus. Ambroxol is a mucolytic which thins and loosens mucus (phlegm), making it easier to cough out. Levosalbutamol is a bronchodilator. It works by relaxing the muscles in the airways and widens airways. Guaifenesin is an expectorant which decreases the stickiness of mucus (phlegm) and helps in its removal from the airways. Together, they make breathing easier."
Acemiz-S Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Lupin Ltd,"Aceclofenac (100mg) + Paracetamol (325mg) + Serratiopeptidase (15mg),",105.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Vetory SP Tablet,Ibugesic ASP Tablet,Movon-SP Tablet,Anaflam Xps  Tablet,Dolokind AA Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Stomach pain,Indigestion,Heartburn,Loss of appetite,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Acemiz-S Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Acemiz-S Tablet is a combination of three medicines: Aceclofenac, Paracetamol and Serratiopeptidase. Aceclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), and Paracetamol is an antipyretic (fever reducer). They work by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that cause pain and fever. Serratiopeptidase is an enzyme which works by breaking down abnormal proteins at the site of inflammation and promotes healing."
Avamys Nasal Spray,10 gm in 1 packet,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Fluticasone Furoate (0.05% w/w),",404.5,sneezing and runny nose due to allergies," Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Nasal discomfort,Nosebleeds,Headache,Nasal inflammation,","Use this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Insert the bottle tip into one nostril and close the other nostril. Direct the spray towards the sides of your nostril, away from the cartilage dividing the two sides of your nose. As you spray, breath gently and keep the head upright. Repeat the same process for the other nostrils. ",RESPIRATORY,Avamys Nasal Spray is a steroid which works by blocking the production of certain chemical messengers in the body that cause inflammation (redness and swelling) and allergies.
Avil Injection,2 ml in 1 vial,Sanofi India  Ltd,"Pheniramine (22.75mg),",5.11,allergic conditions," Allergic conditions,","Nicophen 22.75mg Injection,Eurovil 22.75mg Injection,Kayphen 22.75mg Injection,","Sleepiness,Dryness in mouth,",Your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine. Kindly do not self administer. ,RESPIRATORY,"Avil Injection is an antiallergic medication. It works by blocking the action of a chemical messenger (histamine). This relieves symptoms of severe allergic reactions due to insect bite/sting, certain medicines, hives (rashes, swelling etc)."
Alex Cough Lozenges Lemon Ginger,10 lozenges in 1 strip,Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide (5mg),",101.5,dry cough,"Dry cough,","CHERICOF 5MG LOZENGES,Tossex D 5mg Lozenges,","Sleepiness,Dizziness,Confusion,Nausea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Do not handle the tablets with wet hands. Place it in your mouth and allow it to dissolve slowly. Do not chew or swallow. It may take sometime to dissolve. Alex Cough Lozenges Lemon Ginger may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,Alex Cough Lozenges Lemon Ginger is an antitussive (cough suppressants). It suppresses cough by reducing the activity of cough centre in the brain.
Axcet M Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Aurz Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Levocetirizine (5mg) + Ambroxol (75mg),",69.8,cough,"Cough,","Cetry Plus 5mg/75mg Tablet,Oox LC Tablet,L Cet AB Tablet,Levoriz-AM 5mg/75mg Tablet,Levorid AX 5mg/75mg Tablet,","Upset stomach,Dryness in mouth,Headache,Fatigue,Sleepiness,Allergic reaction,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Axcet M Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Axcet M Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Levocetirizine and ambroxol which relieve cough. Levocetirizine is an antiallergic that treats runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing. Ambroxol is a mucolytic which thins and loosens mucus (phlegm), making it easier to cough out."
AB-Flo Capsule,10 capsules in 1 strip,Lupin Ltd,"Acebrophylline (100mg),",156.6,chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd),"Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD),","Acegrow 100mg Capsule,Furtlyn 100mg Capsule,Phylin A 100mg Capsule,Ambrodil-XP Capsule,Oxybro 100 Capsule,","Nausea,Headache,Vomiting,Upset stomach,Restlessness,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. AB-Flo Capsule is to be taken with food.,RESPIRATORY,"AB-Flo Capsule is a mucolytic and bronchodilator. It works by relaxing the muscles of the airways and also thins and loosens mucus, making it easier to breathe."
Meftal-Spas Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Blue Cross Laboratories Ltd,"Dicyclomine (10mg) + Mefenamic Acid (250mg),",46.0,"menstrual pain, abdominal cramp"," Menstrual pain, Abdominal cramp,","Spasmonil Plus Tablet,Spasmed PD 10 mg/250 mg Tablet,Meftus D 10mg/250mg Tablet,Euspas 10 mg/250 mg Tablet,Spastone Tablet,","Dizziness,Dryness in mouth,Blurred vision,Nausea,Sleepiness,Weakness,Nervousness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Meftal-Spas Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Meftal-Spas Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Dicyclomine and Mefenamic Acid. Dicyclomine is an anticholinergic which works by relaxing the muscles in the stomach and gut (intestine). It stops sudden muscle contractions (spasms), thereby relieving cramps, pain, bloating, and discomfort. Mefenamic Acid is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause abdominal pain and inflammation (swelling). Together, they relieve menstrual cramps and stomach cramps."
Metrogyl 400 Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,J B Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Metronidazole (400mg),",21.5,"bacterial infections, parasitic infections"," Bacterial infections, Parasitic infections,","Unimegyl 400mg Tablet,UNIMEZOL 400 MG TABLET,Metro 400mg Tablet,Metropen 400mg Tablet,Metgyl 400mg Tablet,","Headache,Dryness in mouth,Nausea,Metallic taste,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Metrogyl 400 Tablet is to be taken with food.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,Metrogyl 400 Tablet is an antibiotic. It kills the bacteria and other microorganisms that cause infections by damaging their DNA.
Montek LC Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Levocetirizine (5mg) + Montelukast (10mg),",197.0,"sneezing and runny nose due to allergies, hay fever, allergic skin conditions"," Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies, Hay fever, Allergic skin conditions,","Montina-L Tablet,Solitair Tablet,Altase M 5mg/10mg Tablet,Levocet M Tablet,Monticope Tablet,","Nausea,Diarrhea,Dryness in mouth,Fatigue,Headache,Skin rash,Sleepiness,Vomiting,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Montek LC Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Montek LC Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Levocetirizine and Montelukast, which relieves sneezing and runny nose due to allergies. Levocetirizine is an antiallergic which blocks a chemical messenger (histamine) responsible for runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing. Montelukast is a leukotriene antagonist. It works by blocking another chemical messenger (leukotriene). This reduces inflammation (swelling) in the airways and nose, and improves symptoms."
Montair-LC Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Levocetirizine (5mg) + Montelukast (10mg),",305.86,"sneezing and runny nose due to allergies, hay fever, allergic skin conditions"," Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies, Hay fever, Allergic skin conditions,","Montina-L Tablet,Solitair Tablet,Levocet M Tablet,Monticope Tablet,Lecope-M Tablet,","Nausea,Diarrhea,Dryness in mouth,Fatigue,Headache,Skin rash,Sleepiness,Vomiting,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Montair-LC Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Montair-LC Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Levocetirizine and Montelukast, which relieves sneezing and runny nose due to allergies. Levocetirizine is an antiallergic which blocks a chemical messenger (histamine) responsible for runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing. Montelukast is a leukotriene antagonist. It works by blocking another chemical messenger (leukotriene). This reduces inflammation (swelling) in the airways and nose, and improves symptoms."
Meftal-P Suspension,60 ml in 1 bottle,Blue Cross Laboratories Ltd,"Mefenamic Acid (100mg/5ml),",33.5,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Mefacid Oral Suspension,Mefzan 100mg Oral Suspension,Mefsan 100mg Oral Suspension,Abmef 100mg Oral Suspension,Mefmol 100mg Oral Suspension,","Vomiting,Stomach pain,Nausea,Headache,Dizziness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Meftal-P Suspension may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Meftal-P Suspension is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause fever, pain, and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Monocef 1gm Injection,1 Injection in 1 vial,Aristo Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Ceftriaxone (1gm),",60.52,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Grosafe 1gm Injection,Supercef 1gm Injection,Taxone 1gm Injection,Ceftrian 1gm Injection,Medoxone 1gm Injection,","Diarrhea,Abnormal liver function tests,Rash,",Your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine. Kindly do not self administer. ,ANTI INFECTIVES,Monocef 1gm Injection is an antibiotic. It kills the bacteria by preventing them from forming the bacterial protective covering (cell wall) which is needed for them to survive.
Moxikind-CV 625 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Amoxycillin  (500mg) +  Clavulanic Acid (125mg),",154.55,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Moxiforce-CV 625 Tablet,Mega-CV 625 Tablet,Fightox 625 Tablet,Duet 625 Tablet,Clavidur 625 Tablet,","Vomiting,Nausea,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Moxikind-CV 625 Tablet is to be taken with food.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Moxikind-CV 625 Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Amoxycillin  and  Clavulanic Acid. Amoxycillin  is an antibiotic. It works by preventing the formation of the bacterial protective covering which is essential for the survival of bacteria.  Clavulanic Acid is a beta-lactamase inhibitor which reduces resistance and enhances the activity of Amoxycillin  against bacteria.
Meganeuron OD Plus Capsule,10 capsules in 1 strip,Aristo Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Methylcobalamin (1500mcg) + Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine) (5mg) + Benfotiamine (50mg) + Alpha Lipoic Acid (200mg) + Folic Acid (5mg) + Biotin (5mg),",140.0,vitamin & mineral deficiency," Vitamin & mineral deficiency,","Nervmax Active Capsule,","No common side effects seen,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Meganeuron OD Plus Capsule may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",VITAMINS MINERALS NUTRIENTS,"Meganeuron OD Plus Capsule is a combination of six nutritional supplements: Methylcobalamin, Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine), Benfotiamine, Alpha Lipoic Acid, Folic Acid and Biotin which replenish the body's stores of important nutrients."
Mucaine Gel Mint Sugar Free,200 ml in 1 bottle,Pfizer Ltd,"Oxetacaine (10mg/5ml) + Aluminium Hydroxide (0.291gm/5ml) + Milk Of Magnesia (98mg/5ml),",182.97,"acidity, heartburn, stomach ulcers"," Acidity, Heartburn, Stomach ulcers,","Maglicain Oral Gel,Azomag-O Oral Gel Sugar Free,","Constipation,Diarrhea,Allergic reaction,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use.  Mucaine Gel Mint Sugar Free is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Mucaine Gel Mint Sugar Free is a combination of three medicines: Oxetacaine, Aluminium Hydroxide, and Milk Of Magnesia. Oxetacaine is a local anesthetic that provides faster relief from pain due to ulcers or acidic injury in the stomach. Aluminium Hydroxide and Milk Of Magnesia are antacids that neutralize the excess acid in stomach."
Mintop Forte 5% Solution,60 ml in 1 bottle,Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd,"Minoxidil (5% w/v),",868.25,hair loss," Hair loss,","Minoxy 5% Solution,Rootz-M5 Solution,Morr 5% Solution,Coverit 5% Solution,Imxia 5 Solution,","Skin irritation,Itching,",Use this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. ,DERMA,"Mintop Forte 5% Solution is a potassium channel opener. Its vasodilation action expands the blood vessels. Therefore, when it is applied to the scalp, it helps to increase blood flow. This increased blood flow provides more nutrition and oxygen to the hair follicles, which prevents hair cell death and also enhances new hair growth. This is how it works to treat your alopecia (hair loss)."
Montair LC Kid Syrup,60 ml in 1 bottle,Cipla Ltd,"Levocetirizine (2.5mg/5ml) + Montelukast (4mg/5ml),",127.17,"sneezing and runny nose due to allergies, hay fever, allergic skin conditions"," Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies, Hay fever, Allergic skin conditions,","Montina-L Syrup,1-AL M Syrup,Montemac-L Syrup,Lasma LC kid Syrup,Romilast L Syrup,","Rash,Nausea,Diarrhea,Dryness in mouth,Fatigue,Headache,Skin rash,Sleepiness,Vomiting,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Montair LC Kid Syrup may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Montair LC Kid Syrup contains Levocetirizine and Montelukast. Together these two relieve sneezing and runny nose caused due to allergies. Levocetirizine is an antiallergic that blocks a chemical messenger (histamine) responsible for runny nose, watery eyes, and sneezing. Montelukast is a leukotriene antagonist. It works by blocking another chemical messenger (leukotriene). This reduces inflammation (swelling) in the airways and nose and improves symptoms."
Mobizox Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Chlorzoxazone (500mg) + Diclofenac (50mg) + Paracetamol (325mg),",216.0,pain due to muscle spasm," Pain due to muscle spasm,","Spazone Tablet,Diclotal-MR Tablet,Rightflam 500mg/50mg/325mg Tablet,Rightflam MR 500mg/50mg/325mg Tablet,Fenzone Forte Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Heartburn,Stomach pain,Diarrhea,Loss of appetite,Dryness in mouth,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Mobizox Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Mobizox Tablet is a combination of a muscle relaxant (Chlorzoxazone) and two pain relieving medicines (Diclofenac and Paracetamol). The muscle relaxant works on the centers in the brain and spinal cord to relieve muscle stiffness or spasm, thereby improving movement of muscles. The pain relieving medicines work by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Monticope Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Levocetirizine (5mg) + Montelukast (10mg),",99.9,"sneezing and runny nose due to allergies, hay fever, allergic skin conditions"," Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies, Hay fever, Allergic skin conditions,","Montina-L Tablet,Solitair Tablet,Altase M 5mg/10mg Tablet,Levocet M Tablet,Lecope-M Tablet,","Nausea,Diarrhea,Dryness in mouth,Fatigue,Headache,Skin rash,Sleepiness,Vomiting,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Monticope Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Monticope Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Levocetirizine and Montelukast, which relieves sneezing and runny nose due to allergies. Levocetirizine is an antiallergic which blocks a chemical messenger (histamine) responsible for runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing. Montelukast is a leukotriene antagonist. It works by blocking another chemical messenger (leukotriene). This reduces inflammation (swelling) in the airways and nose, and improves symptoms."
Monocef-O 200 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Aristo Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Cefpodoxime Proxetil (200mg),",169.0,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Gudcef 200 Tablet,Zipod 200mg Tablet,Oxipod 200mg Tablet,Bactogard 200mg Tablet,Doxcef 200 Tablet,","Rash,Nausea,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Monocef-O 200 Tablet is to be taken with food.",ANTI INFECTIVES,Monocef-O 200 Tablet is an antibiotic. It kills the bacteria by preventing them from forming the bacterial protective covering (cell wall) which is needed for them to survive.
Meftal-Forte Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Blue Cross Laboratories Ltd,"Mefenamic Acid (500mg) + Paracetamol (325mg),",44.0,"pain relief, fever","Pain relief, Fever,","Mefcox Plus 500mg/325mg Tablet,Pacimol MF Tablet,Boliflame Forte Tablet,Timla 500mg/325mg Tablet,Mefkind Forte Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Diarrhea,Indigestion,Loss of appetite,Heartburn,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Meftal-Forte Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Meftal-Forte Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Mefenamic Acid and Paracetamol. It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause fever, pain and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Mucinac 600 Effervescent Tablet Orange Sugar Free,10 Effervescent Tablet in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Acetylcysteine (600mg),",266.8,respiratory disease with excessive mucus," Respiratory disease with excessive mucus,","Fizonac 600 Effervescent Tablet Orange,Mucomix -ET Effervescent Tablet Orange Sugar Free,Pulmofresh 600 Effervescent Tablet Orange Sugar Free,Viscojoy Effervescent Tablet Orange Sugar Free,Mucaryl Tablet Orange Sugar Free,","Fever,Nausea,Vomiting,Rash,Gastrointestinal discomfort,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Dissolve it in a glass of water before taking it. Mucinac 600 Effervescent Tablet Orange Sugar Free may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Mucinac 600 Effervescent Tablet Orange Sugar Free is a mucolytic medication. It works by thinning the mucus (phlegm) making it easier to cough out. Thus, it clears the air passages and makes breathing easier.  It also has antioxidant action."
Montina-L Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Aristo Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Levocetirizine (5mg) + Montelukast (10mg),",64.5,"sneezing and runny nose due to allergies, hay fever, allergic skin conditions"," Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies, Hay fever, Allergic skin conditions,","Solitair Tablet,Altase M 5mg/10mg Tablet,Levocet M Tablet,Monticope Tablet,Lecope-M Tablet,","Nausea,Diarrhea,Dryness in mouth,Fatigue,Headache,Skin rash,Sleepiness,Vomiting,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Montina-L Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Montina-L Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Levocetirizine and Montelukast, which relieves sneezing and runny nose due to allergies. Levocetirizine is an antiallergic which blocks a chemical messenger (histamine) responsible for runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing. Montelukast is a leukotriene antagonist. It works by blocking another chemical messenger (leukotriene). This reduces inflammation (swelling) in the airways and nose, and improves symptoms."
Montair FX Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Cipla Ltd,"Montelukast (10mg) + Fexofenadine (120mg),",202.31,sneezing and runny nose due to allergies," Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies,","Emlukast-FX Tablet,Fixar 10mg/120mg Tablet,Histakind-M Tablet,Histafree-M Tablet,Spiromont-F Tablet,","Nausea,Diarrhea,Vomiting,Skin rash,Flu-like symptoms,Headache,Drowsiness,Dizziness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Montair FX Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Montelukast is a leukotriene antagonist. It works by blocking the action of a chemical messenger called leukotriene. This reduces inflammation (swelling) in the airways and nose and improves symptoms. Fexofenadine is an antiallergic which blocks the action of another chemical messenger (histamine) responsible for runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing."
Myospaz Forte Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Win-Medicare Pvt Ltd,"Chlorzoxazone (500mg) + Diclofenac (50mg) + Paracetamol (325mg),",280.0,pain due to muscle spasm," Pain due to muscle spasm,","Spazone Tablet,Diclotal-MR Tablet,Rightflam 500mg/50mg/325mg Tablet,Rightflam MR 500mg/50mg/325mg Tablet,Fenzone Forte Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Heartburn,Stomach pain,Diarrhea,Loss of appetite,Dryness in mouth,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Myospaz Forte Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Myospaz Forte Tablet is a combination of a muscle relaxant (Chlorzoxazone) and two pain relieving medicines (Diclofenac and Paracetamol). The muscle relaxant works on the centers in the brain and spinal cord to relieve muscle stiffness or spasm, thereby improving movement of muscles. The pain relieving medicines work by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers in the brain that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Montair-LC Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Cipla Ltd,"Levocetirizine (5mg) + Montelukast (10mg),",176.55,"sneezing and runny nose due to allergies, hay fever, allergic skin conditions"," Sneezing and runny nose due to allergies, Hay fever, Allergic skin conditions,","Montina-L Tablet,Solitair Tablet,Altase M 5mg/10mg Tablet,Levocet M Tablet,Monticope Tablet,","Nausea,Diarrhea,Dryness in mouth,Fatigue,Headache,Skin rash,Sleepiness,Vomiting,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Montair-LC Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,"Montair-LC Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Levocetirizine and Montelukast, which relieves sneezing and runny nose due to allergies. Levocetirizine is an antiallergic which blocks a chemical messenger (histamine) responsible for runny nose, watery eyes and sneezing. Montelukast is a leukotriene antagonist. It works by blocking another chemical messenger (leukotriene). This reduces inflammation (swelling) in the airways and nose, and improves symptoms."
Myoril 4mg Capsule,10 capsules in 1 strip,Sanofi India  Ltd,"Thiocolchicoside (4mg),",251.3,muscle relaxation,"Muscle relaxation,","Thiorest 4mg Capsule,Mobiwok 4mg Capsule,Bakwel 4mg Capsule,Thiobest 4mg Capsule,Zyflex 4mg Capsule,","Sleepiness,Diarrhea,Abdominal pain,",Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Myoril 4mg Capsule is to be taken with food.,PAIN ANALGESICS,Myoril 4mg Capsule is a muscle relaxant. It works on the centres in the brain and spinal cord to relieve muscle stiffness or spasm without reduction in strength. This improves pain and movement of muscles.
Gardenal 60 Tablet,strip of 30 tablets,Abbott,"Phenobarbitone (60mg),",59.05,epilepsy/seizures,"Epilepsy/Seizures,","Phenotone 60mg Tablet,Phenobarb 60mg Tablet,G 60mg Tablet,Epikon 60mg Tablet,Epitan 60mg Tablet,","Drowsiness,Nausea,Diarrhea,Hyperactivity,Depression,Confusion,Decreased blood pressure,Fatigue,Headache,Dizziness,Constipation,Excitement,Hangover,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Gardenal 60 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Gardenal 60 Tablet controls seizures or fits by increasing the action of GABA, a chemical messenger which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain."
Gabaneuron 100 Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Aristo Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Gabapentin (100mg) + Methylcobalamin (500mcg),",85.0,neuropathic pain," Neuropathic pain,","Gabarich 100mg/500mcg Tablet,Nurokind-G  100 New Tablet,Arigaba ME 100mg/500mcg Tablet,Sengab M 100mg/500mcg Tablet,Ornagab M 100mg/500mcg Tablet,","Dizziness,Sleepiness,Tiredness,Uncoordinated body movements,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Gabaneuron 100 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Gabaneuron 100 Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Gabapentin and Methylcobalamin. Gabapentin is an alpha 2 delta ligand which decreases pain by modulating calcium channel activity of the nerve cells. Methylcobalamin is a form of vitamin B which helps in the production of myelin, a substance that protects nerve fibers and rejuvenates damaged nerve cells. Together, they relieve neuropathic pain (pain from damaged nerves)."
Genteal Eye Drop,10 ml in 1 packet,Alcon Laboratories,"Hydroxypropylmethylcellulose (0.3% w/v),",200.0,dry eyes,"Dry eyes,","AT Plus Artificial Tears,Artificial Tears BP Eye Drop,Lacryl Eye Drop,Cmph Eye Drop,Procel 0.3% Eye Drop,","Blurred vision,Eye irritation,Eye pain,Eye redness,Foreign body sensation in eyes,",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Hold the dropper close to the eye without touching it. Gently squeeze the dropper and place the medicine inside the lower eyelid. Wipe off the extra liquid. ,OPHTHAL,Genteal Eye Drop is a lubricant. It works similar to natural tears and provides temporary relief from burning and discomfort due to dryness of the eye.
Goutnil 0.5mg Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Inga Laboratories Pvt Ltd,"Colchicine (0.5mg),",34.94,gout," Gout,","Colochicine 0.5mg Tablet,Colchicindon 0.5mg Tablet,Coljoy 0.5mg Tablet,Geton Tablet,Geton Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Abdominal pain,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Goutnil 0.5mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Goutnil 0.5mg Tablet reduces inflammation which causes pain, swelling and other symptoms of gout."
Gabantin 100 Capsule,10 capsules in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Gabapentin (100mg),",80.0,"neuropathic pain, epilepsy/seizures"," Neuropathic pain, Epilepsy/Seizures,","Gabanine 100mg Capsule,Gabacap 100mg Capsule,Gabax 100mg Capsule,Crystin 100mg Capsule,Gabatin 100 Capsule,","Dizziness,Fatigue,Fever,Impaired coordination,Nausea,Nystagmus (involuntary eye movement),Peripheral edema,Sleepiness,Viral infection,Vomiting,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Gabantin 100 Capsule may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Gabantin 100 Capsule is an antiepileptic medication. When given for epilepsy, it is believed to work by reducing the abnormal electrical activity in the brain, thus preventing seizures. It is also used to treat nerve pain where it blocks pain by interfering with pain signals traveling through the damaged nerves and the brain."
Gardenal 30 Tablet,strip of 30 tablets,Abbott,"Phenobarbitone (30mg),",40.97,epilepsy/seizures,"Epilepsy/Seizures,","Phenotone 30mg Tablet,Luminal 30mg Tablet,Epikon 30mg Tablet,Phenobarb 30mg Tablet,Barbinal 30mg Tablet,","Drowsiness,Nausea,Diarrhea,Hyperactivity,Depression,Confusion,Decreased blood pressure,Fatigue,Headache,Dizziness,Constipation,Excitement,Hangover,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Gardenal 30 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Gardenal 30 Tablet controls seizures or fits by increasing the action of GABA, a chemical messenger which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain."
Gabapin ME Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Gabapentin (300mg) + Methylcobalamin (500mcg),",200.0,neuropathic pain," Neuropathic pain,","Gabanyl 300mg/500mcg Tablet,Miol G 300 mg/500 mcg Tablet,Novonerve-G Tablet,Neurotop G 300mg/500mcg Tablet,Nurokind-G  Tablet,","Dizziness,Sleepiness,Tiredness,Uncoordinated body movements,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Gabapin ME Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Gabapin ME Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Gabapentin and Methylcobalamin. Gabapentin is an alpha 2 delta ligand which decreases pain by modulating calcium channel activity of the nerve cells. Methylcobalamin is a form of vitamin B which helps in the production of myelin, a substance that protects nerve fibers and rejuvenates damaged nerve cells. Together, they relieve neuropathic pain (pain from damaged nerves)."
Gabantin-NT Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Gabapentin (400mg) + Nortriptyline (10mg),",260.0,neuropathic pain," Neuropathic pain,","Nuromark NT 400 mg/10 mg Tablet,Nervic-NT Tablet,Gabanyt 400 mg/10 mg Tablet,Nort GB 400mg/10mg Tablet,Mylamin GN Tablet,","Constipation,Difficulty in urination,Weight gain,Sleepiness,Dizziness,Tiredness,Blurred vision,Dryness in mouth,Orthostatic hypotension (sudden lowering of blood pressure on standing),Increased heart rate,Uncoordinated body movements,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Gabantin-NT Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Gabantin-NT Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Gabapentin and Nortriptyline. Gabapentin is an alpha 2 delta ligand which decreases the pain by modulating calcium channel activity of the nerve cells. Nortriptyline is a tricyclic antidepressant which increases the levels of chemical messengers (serotonin and noradrenaline) that stop the movement of pain signals in the brain. Together, they relieve neuropathic pain (pain from damaged nerves)."
Grilinctus-L Oral Suspension,100 ml in 1 bottle,Franco-Indian Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd,"Levocloperastine (20mg/5ml),",129.5,dry cough," Dry cough,","Zerotuss Oral Suspension,Kofdip Oral Suspension Mango,Zerotuss Oral Suspension Sugar Free,Coff-Tuss Oral Suspension Mango,Lecofil LC Oral Suspension Delicious Mango,","Nausea,Drowsiness,Dizziness,Dryness in mouth,Fatigue,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Measure it with a measuring cup and take it by mouth. Shake well before use. Grilinctus-L Oral Suspension may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",RESPIRATORY,Grilinctus-L Oral Suspension is an antitussive (cough suppressants). It suppresses cough by reducing the activity of cough centre in the brain.
Norflox-TZ RF Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Norfloxacin (400mg) + Tinidazole (600mg),",97.71,"diarrhea, dysentery"," Diarrhea, Dysentery,","Benflox TZ 400mg/600mg Tablet,Norzest-TZ 400mg/600mg Tablet,Nor-TZ Tablet,Norip-T 400mg/600mg Tablet,Noxgyl TZ 400mg/600mg Tablet,","Nausea,Dryness in mouth,Metallic taste,Headache,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Norflox-TZ RF Tablet is to be taken with food.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Norflox-TZ RF Tablet is a combination of two antibiotics: Norfloxacin and Tinidazole. Norfloxacin works by preventing the bacterial cells from dividing and repairing, thereby killing the bacteria. Tinidazole kills parasites and anaerobic bacteria that cause infections by damaging their DNA. Together, they treat your infection effectively."
Nurokind-LC  Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Levo-carnitine (500mg) + Methylcobalamin (1500mcg) + Folic Acid (1.5mg),",209.25,nutritional deficiencies," Nutritional deficiencies,","Stamicar 500mg/1500mcg/1.5mg Tablet,NE-C Tablet,Cynocal-LC Tablet,Levocarnil Plus Tablet,Homo 16 LC 500mg/1500mcg/1.5mg Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Headache,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Nurokind-LC  Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",VITAMINS MINERALS NUTRIENTS,"Nurokind-LC  Tablet is a combination of three nutritional supplements: Levo-carnitine, Methylcobalamin, and Folic Acid which replenish the body's stores of important nutrients."
Naxdom 500 Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Naproxen (500mg) + Domperidone (10mg),",86.5,prevention of migraine,"Prevention of Migraine,","Domstal NP 500mg/10mg Tablet,Minado 500 Tablet,Naprosyn D 500 Tablet,Comig 500 Tablet,Macprox DP 500 Tablet,","Flu-like symptoms,Indigestion,Dryness in mouth,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Naxdom 500 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Naxdom 500 Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Naproxen and Domperidone. Naproxen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain due to migraine. Domperidone is a prokinetic which works on the region in the brain that controls vomiting associated with migraine. It also increases the movement of the stomach and intestines, allowing food to move more easily through the stomach."
Nexito Plus Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Clonazepam (0.5mg) + Escitalopram Oxalate (5mg),",103.0,anxiety disorder," Anxiety disorder,","Citajoy C 0.5 mg/5 mg Tablet,Xtaz 5mg Tablet,Clonasig Plus Tablet,Escepam 0.5mg/5mg Tablet,S Vocita H Tablet,","Delayed ejaculation,Confusion,Vomiting,Memory impairment,Drowsiness,Tiredness,Anorgasmia (decreased orgasm),Low sexual desire,Nausea,Diarrhea,Uncoordinated body movements,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Nexito Plus Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Nexito Plus Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Clonazepam and escitalopram, which has anxiety-lowering and mood-enhancing effects. Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine (BZD) which increases the action of GABA, a chemical messenger that suppresses the abnormal activity of the nerve cells in the brain. Escitalopram is selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) which increases the levels of serotonin, a chemical messenger that improves mood."
Normaxin Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Systopic Laboratories Pvt Ltd,"Clidinium (2.5mg) + Chlordiazepoxide (5mg) + Dicyclomine (10mg),",25.0,irritable bowel syndrome," Irritable bowel syndrome,","Cromide Forte 2.5 mg/5 mg/10 mg Tablet,Spasburg-D Tablet,Serecon-D Tablet,Cyclon 2.5 mg/5 mg/10 mg Tablet,Clistar 2.5 mg/5 mg/10 mg Tablet,","Nausea,Constipation,Nervousness,Dryness in mouth,Difficulty in urination,Confusion,Sleepiness,Weakness,Dizziness,Blurred vision,Impaired coordination,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Normaxin Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Normaxin Tablet is a combination of three medicines: Clidinium, Chlordiazepoxide and Dicyclomine. Clidinium and Dicyclomine are antispasmodics which work by relaxing the muscles in your stomach and gut (intestine). They stop sudden muscle contractions (spasms). This relieves cramps, pain, bloating, and discomfort. Chlordiazepoxide is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of GABA, a chemical messenger which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain."
Nexito 10 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Escitalopram Oxalate (10mg),",90.94,"depression, anxiety disorder, panic disorder"," Depression, Anxiety disorder, Panic disorder,","Escigress 10 Tablet,S-Vocita 10mg Tablet,Neupram 10mg Tablet,Galop 10 Tablet,Cilentra 10 Tablet,","Anorgasmia (decreased orgasm) in women,Decreased libido,Delayed ejaculation,Fatigue,Increased sweating,Insomnia (difficulty in sleeping),Nausea,Sleepiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Nexito 10 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Nexito 10 Tablet is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressant. It works by increasing the levels of serotonin, a chemical messenger in the brain. This improves mood and physical symptoms of depression and also relieves symptoms of anxiety, panic attacks and obsessive-compulsive  disorders."
Nucoxia MR Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Zydus Cadila,"Etoricoxib (60mg) + Thiocolchicoside (4mg),",276.75,pain due to muscle spasm," Pain due to muscle spasm,","Etos MR Tablet,Etoxtan MR 60mg/4mg Tablet,Thioquest ET 4 Tablet,Brutaflam-MR 4 Tablet,Witori MR Tablet,","Diarrhea,Stomach pain,Indigestion,Flatulence,Swelling of hands,Feet swelling,Flu-like symptoms,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Nucoxia MR Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Nucoxia MR Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Etoricoxib and Thiocolchicoside, which relieves pain and relaxes the muscles. Etoricoxib is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling). Thiocolchicoside is a muscle relaxant. It works on the centers in the brain and spinal cord to relieve muscle stiffness or spasm and to improve pain and movement of muscles."
Norflox 400 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Norfloxacin (400mg) + Lactobacillus (120Million spores),",70.97,bacterial infections," Bacterial infections,","Noraday 400 NF Tablet,","Vomiting,Headache,Dizziness,Stomach pain,Nausea,Heartburn,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Norflox 400 Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.",ANTI INFECTIVES,"Norflox 400 Tablet is a combination of two medicines. Norfloxacin is an antibiotic. It works by stopping the action of a bacterial enzyme called DNA-gyrase. This prevents bacterial cells from dividing and repairing, thereby killing them. Lactobacillus is a probiotic. It works by restoring the balance of good bacteria in the intestine that may get upset after antibiotic use or due to intestinal infections. This is how it works to treat bacterial infections."
Nurokind-Plus RF Capsule,10 capsules in 1 strip,Mankind Pharma Ltd,"Methylcobalamin (1500mcg) + Alpha Lipoic Acid (100mg) + Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine) (3mg) + Folic Acid (1.5mg),",99.9,"vitamin & mineral deficiency, diabetic nerve pain"," Vitamin & mineral deficiency, Diabetic nerve pain,","Ezinerv Plus Capsule,Nervgum Capsule,Neuromine-Plus Capsule,Akmyth Capsule,Alfamec Capsule,","No common side effects seen,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Nurokind-Plus RF Capsule may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",VITAMINS MINERALS NUTRIENTS,"Nurokind-Plus RF Capsule is a combination of four nutritional supplements:Methylcobalamin, Alpha Lipoic Acid, Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine) and Folic Acid which replenish the body's stores of important nutrients."
Nexpro RD 40  Capsule SR,10 capsule sr in 1 strip,Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Domperidone (30mg) + Esomeprazole (40mg),",162.2,"gastroesophageal reflux disease (acid reflux), functional dyspepsia"," Gastroesophageal reflux disease (Acid reflux), Functional dyspepsia,","Esomefol-DSR Capsule,Esium D Capsule SR,Yees-D Capsule SR,Esmogud D 30mg/40mg Capsule SR,Esogress-D Capsule SR,","Diarrhea,Flatulence,Stomach pain,Dryness in mouth,Headache,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Nexpro RD 40  Capsule SR is to be taken empty stomach.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Nexpro RD 40  Capsule SR is a combination of two medicines: Domperidone and Esomeprazole. Domperidone is a prokinetic which works on the upper digestive tract to increase the movement of the stomach and intestines, allowing the food to move more easily through the stomach. Esomeprazole is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI) which works by reducing the amount of acid in the stomach which helps in the relief of acid-related indigestion and heartburn."
Nexpro 40 Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Esomeprazole (40mg),",156.1,"gastroesophageal reflux disease (acid reflux), peptic ulcer disease"," Gastroesophageal reflux disease (Acid reflux), Peptic ulcer disease,","Eroz Fast 40mg Tablet,Esomefol Tablet,Esofine 40 Tablet,Espra 40mg Tablet,Rostrum 40 Tablet,","Headache,Dizziness,Dryness in mouth,Nausea,Abdominal pain,Constipation,Flatulence,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Nexpro 40 Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,Nexpro 40 Tablet is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI). It works by reducing the amount of acid in the stomach which helps in relief of acid related indigestion and heartburn.
Nexito 5 Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Escitalopram Oxalate (5mg),",51.18,"depression, anxiety disorder, panic disorder"," Depression, Anxiety disorder, Panic disorder,","Model 5mg Tablet,Escigress 5 Tablet,S-Celepra 5 Tablet,S Citadep 5 Tablet,Ezeepam 5 Tablet,","Anorgasmia (decreased orgasm) in women,Decreased libido,Delayed ejaculation,Fatigue,Increased sweating,Insomnia (difficulty in sleeping),Nausea,Sleepiness,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Nexito 5 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,"Nexito 5 Tablet is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressant. It works by increasing the levels of serotonin, a chemical messenger in the brain. This improves mood and physical symptoms of depression and also relieves symptoms of anxiety, panic attacks and obsessive-compulsive  disorders."
Naprosyn 500 Tablet,strip of 15 tablets,RPG Life Sciences Ltd,"Naproxen (500mg),",79.0,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Naproz 500mg Tablet,Movibon 500mg Tablet,Napon 500mg Tablet,Spirox 500mg Tablet,Cronta 500mg Tablet,","Indigestion,Abdominal pain,Nausea,Headache,Rash,Bruise,Edema (swelling),","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Naprosyn 500 Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Naprosyn 500 Tablet is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause fever, pain and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Nucoxia 90 Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Zydus Cadila,"Etoricoxib (90mg),",131.1,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Etos 90 Tablet,Etocox 90 Tablet,Etosaid 90 Tablet,Brutaflam 90mg Tablet,Torcoxia BCD 90 Tablet,","Oral ulcer,Bronchospasm,Increased liver enzymes,Esophagitis,Stomach pain,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Nucoxia 90 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Nucoxia 90 Tablet is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) called COX-2 inhibitors. It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that are responsible for pain and inflammation (redness and swelling).
Nise Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd,"Nimesulide (100mg),",98.25,"pain relief, fever","Pain relief, Fever,","Nimprex Tablet,Nim 100mg Tablet,Nimtech 100mg Tablet,Nalgis 100mg Tablet,Nimdis 100mg Tablet,","Vomiting,Nausea,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Nise Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Nise Tablet is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling).
Naxdom 250 Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Naproxen (250mg) + Domperidone (10mg),",63.5,prevention of migraine,"Prevention of Migraine,","Pacinac NP 250mg/10mg Tablet,Minado Tablet,Domstal NP 250mg/10mg Tablet,Naproxidim 250 Tablet,Naprodom 250mg Tablet,","Flu-like symptoms,Indigestion,Dryness in mouth,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Naxdom 250 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Naxdom 250 Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Naproxen and Domperidone. Naproxen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain due to migraine. Domperidone is a prokinetic which works on the region in the brain that controls vomiting associated with migraine. It also increases the movement of the stomach and intestines, allowing food to move more easily through the stomach."
Neurobion RF Forte Injection,2 ml in 1 ampoule,Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care Ltd,"Methylcobalamin (1000mcg) + Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine) (100mg) + Nicotinamide (100mg),",16.4,nutritional deficiencies," Nutritional deficiencies,","Mecolynn P Injection,Rubitop Injection,Megimine Plus Injection,Paricob Injection,Meday Plus Injection,","Injection site reactions (pain, swelling, redness),",Your doctor or nurse will give you this medicine. Kindly do not self administer. ,VITAMINS MINERALS NUTRIENTS,"Neurobion RF Forte Injection is a combination of three nutritional supplements: Methylcobalamin, Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine) and Nicotinamide. Together, these replenish the body's stores of important nutrients."
Nodosis Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Steadfast Medishield Pvt Ltd,"Sodium Bicarbonate (500mg),",54.0,indigestion," Indigestion,","Udosis 500mg Tablet,Sodicarb Tablet,Seecarb 500mg Tablet,Kesod 500mg Tablet,Sobiup 500mg Tablet,","Stomach cramp,Flatulence,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Nodosis Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Nodosis Tablet is an alkalizer. It works by increasing the pH of blood and urine, thereby correcting metabolic acidosis (high acid levels in the body). It also speeds up the removal of toxic substances from the body in certain types of poisoning. In case of excessive fluid loss (such as in diarrhea), it works by replenishing salt and electrolyte levels."
Nicip Plus Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Cipla Ltd,"Nimesulide (100mg) + Paracetamol (325mg),",65.1,pain relief,"Pain relief,","Nimprex-P Tablet,Normopar Tablet,Nimucet Gold 100mg/325mg Tablet,Nodard Plus Tablet,Nimulid-HF Tablet,","Nausea,Vomiting,Diarrhea,Increased liver enzymes,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Nicip Plus Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Nicip Plus Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Nimesulide and Paracetamol. It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause fever, pain and inflammation (redness and swelling)."
Neosporin Skin Ointment,tube of 20 gm Ointment,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,"Bacitracin (400IU) + Neomycin (3400IU) + Polymyxin B (5000IU),",106.1,bacterial skin infections,"Bacterial skin infections,","Nebazine Ointment,Nebaspor Ointment,Jisporin Ointment,Nesoprin Ointment,Neosporin Ointment,","Application site reactions (burning, irritation, itching and redness),",This medicine is for external use only. Use it in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Check the label for directions before use. Clean and dry the affected area and gently massage the ointment. ,DERMA,"Neosporin Skin Ointment is a combination of three antibiotics: Bacitracin, Neomycin and Polymyxin B. These antibiotics work by killing the bacteria or stopping their growth on the skin. Together, they treat your skin infection effectively."
Nicip Tablet,10 tablets in 1 strip,Cipla Ltd,"Nimesulide (100mg),",43.45,"pain relief, fever","Pain relief, Fever,","Nimprex Tablet,Nim 100mg Tablet,Nimtech 100mg Tablet,Nalgis 100mg Tablet,Nimdis 100mg Tablet,","Vomiting,Nausea,Diarrhea,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Nicip Tablet is to be taken with food.",PAIN ANALGESICS,Nicip Tablet is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAID). It works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain and inflammation (redness and swelling).
Normaxin RT Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Systopic Laboratories Pvt Ltd,"Chlordiazepoxide (5mg) + Clidinium (2.5mg) + Dicyclomine (10mg) + Rabeprazole (10mg),",59.0,irritable bowel syndrome," Irritable bowel syndrome,",No Alternate Medicine Information in Database,"Nausea,Constipation,Stomach pain,Diarrhea,Flatulence,Dryness in mouth,Blurred vision,Drowsiness,Impaired coordination,Confusion,Headache,Dizziness,Flu-like symptoms,Weakness,Difficulty in urination,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Normaxin RT Tablet is to be taken empty stomach.
",GASTRO INTESTINAL,"Normaxin RT Tablet is a combination of four medicines: Chlordiazepoxide, Clidinium, Dicyclomine and Rabeprazole, which treats irritable bowel syndrome. Chlordiazepoxide is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain. Clidinium and Dicyclomine are antispasmodic medicines which relax the muscles in your stomach and gut (intestine). They stop sudden muscle contractions (spasms) which in turn relieves cramps, pain, bloating, and discomfort. Rabeprazole is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI). It reduces the amount of acid in the stomach which relieves acid-related indigestion and heartburn."
Naxdom 500 Tablet,15 tablets in 1 strip,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Naproxen (500mg) + Domperidone (10mg),",142.0,prevention of migraine,"Prevention of Migraine,","Domstal NP 500mg/10mg Tablet,Minado 500 Tablet,Naprosyn D 500 Tablet,Comig 500 Tablet,Macprox DP 500 Tablet,","Flu-like symptoms,Indigestion,Dryness in mouth,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Naxdom 500 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",PAIN ANALGESICS,"Naxdom 500 Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Naproxen and Domperidone. Naproxen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) which works by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers that cause pain due to migraine. Domperidone is a prokinetic which works on the region in the brain that controls vomiting associated with migraine. It also increases the movement of the stomach and intestines, allowing food to move more easily through the stomach."
Nitrosun 10 Tablet,strip of 10 tablets,Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd,"Nitrazepam (10mg),",59.5,insomnia," Insomnia,","Baronite 10mg Tablet,Insomin Forte 10mg Tablet,Nap 10mg Tablet,Trinit Tablet,Nira 10mg Tablet,","Dizziness,Sedation,Drowsiness,Unsteadiness,Impaired coordination,Fatigue,","Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Nitrosun 10 Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.",NEURO CNS,Nitrosun 10 Tablet is a benzodiazepine. It works by increasing the action of a chemical messenger (GABA) which suppresses the abnormal and excessive activity of the nerve cells in the brain.
